<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_features_3.4.0">
	<title>What's New?</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>New Features</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus 3.4.0 introduces the following new features.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Feature</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Multi-cluster, Multi-hypervisor support</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus now supports VMware and KVM in the same cloud. For more information, see ....</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Image management</entry>
						<entry>We updated our image management content.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Security Token Service (STS) compatability</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus now has limited support for STS. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Support for warm upgrade</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus no longer requires that you shut down instances when you upgrade.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>New documentation</entry>
						<entry>We added new sections to our documentation: Security Guide, Hybrid Guide, and schema
							documentation.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Deregistered images now automatically cleaned up</entry>
						<entry>Users no longer have to run the <codeph>euca-deregister</codeph> command twice. Deregistered images will be
							automatically cleaned up in the background with an interval 
							configured by a new property in euca.conf:
							<codeblock>cloud.images.cleanupperiod = 10m</codeblock>
							<p>The default value is 10 minutes. An image can only be cleaned up once it is no longer in
								use by any instances.</p>
							<p>The cloud administrator can pass <codeph>verbose</codeph> to
								<codeph>euca-describe-images</codeph> to see the deregistered images, they will not
								otherwise be shown. The cloud administrator can also run the deregister command twice to force an immediate attempt at image cleanup.</p>

							</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry></entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Technology Preview Features</title>
		<p>Eucalyptus 3.4.0 introduces the following technology preview features.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Feature</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>New networking mode: Edge</entry>
						<entry>For more information, see ....</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>RiakCS support</entry>
						<entry>We updated our image management content.</entry>
					</row>
					
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table></section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
