<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_3.4.0">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The following known issues exist in Eucalyptus 3.4.0 and its dependencies. Please contact
			Eucalyptus support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<!-- Reorder by component? -->
		<p><b>New known issues for this release:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<!--<row>
						<entry>Large data set knocks over the UI display list in launch
							instance/create launch config (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7773"
								>EUCA-7773</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The default filter when pointing to AWS with the User Console
							provides approximately 500 images. However, if you move to look at all
							images, the list grows quite large (>6000), which can cause issues with
							scrolling. As a workaround, type the name of an image or provide a
							different filter to get the list down to reduce the size of the
							list.</entry>
					</row>-->
					<row>
						<entry>Cannot change launch config of autoscaling group from the user
							console while running Internet Explorer 10 and Windows 7 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7952"
								>EUCA-7952</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Attempting to change a launch configuration with the user console
							while running Internet Explorer 10 on Windows 7 results in the error "
							"Failed to update sclaing group. Please try again.". Workaround: use the
							Firefox or Google Chrome browser, or use the command line tools.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>EBS image registration ignores user-supplied architecture argument
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7337"
								>EUCA-7337</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>EBS image registration defaults to x86_64. The default should be
							i386. In addition, if you attempt to change the architecture explicitly,
							it's ignored and stays x86_64. The is cosmetic, as the backend ignores
							the architecture argument.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Cannot stop primary CLC/Walrus (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7634"
								>EUCA-7634</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When attemptin to stop the primary CLC/W, it goes into NOTREADY state
							and it cannot stop the eucalyptus-cloud process. <p>Workaround: You can
								use kill -9 on the Eucalyptus Cloud process if the following is
								true: On the CLC machine:</p><ol>
								<li>Verify that "ps aux | grep postgress" returns only "grep
									postgress" This verifies that the Database has shut down and
									there will be no loss of data</li>
								<li>Kill -9 &lt;pid-of eucalyptus-cloud-service></li>
							</ol></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Cannot unbundle image which was bundled with euca-bundle-instance
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7148"
								>EUCA-7148</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Even when using the same identity and keys that are used for both
							the bundle-instance, register and unbundle attempt, the unbundle will
							fail with a decryption error. Workaround: EMIs created with
							euca-bundle-instance operation cannot be unbundled with the user's
							credentials. The workaround for Linux images is to launch an instance
							from the EMI and perform euca-bundle-volume in it.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euca-describe-nodes does not return output in certain distributed
							topologies (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7039"
								>EUCA-7039</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When the CLC, CC, and NCs are distributed components,
							euca-describe-nodes returns nothing. This is an issue with the CLC.
							Workaround: see linked bug. Note: This workaround just allows you to
							figure out how many nodes are attached to running instances as an
							administrator.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Misleading error from euca_conf --configure-vmware (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-378"
								>EUCA-378</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using VMware Broker with direct connection to ESXi machine - if
							there is no virtual network created, "euca_conf --configure-vmware" will
							error out. Workaround: see linked bug.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus keeps the previous IPs in VNET_PUBLICIPS even after the
							field is modified and CC cleanrestarted. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3856"
								>EUCA-3856</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using VMware Broker with direct connection to ESXi machine - if
							there is no virtual network created, "euca_conf --configure-vmware" will
							error out. Workaround: restart the cloud controller.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Adding nodes to vmware config requires service restart, cluster to
							become unavailable. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1806"
								>EUCA-1806</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When uploading a new vmware config to the CLC, the update is not
							pulled by the Broker until it is restarted. As a consequence of the
							Broker restart the Cluster Controller becomes unavailable. Adding or
							removing nodes from the config should not cause a service
							interruption.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Registering image after euca-bundle-instance differs for vmware.
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7847"
								>EUCA-7847</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Name of the manifest file on vmware differs from other virtualization
							types. Please check content of the backet used for bundling to find out
							correct manifest name. Generally it should be backet/prefix.manifest.xml
							for instances started from linux paravirtualized images and
							backet/prefix.raw.manifest.xml for instances started from all other
							images. For example: <p>
								<ul>
									<li>&lt;bundle_name>/&lt;prefix>.manifest.xml for
										paravirtualized instances</li>
									<li>&lt;bundle_name>/&lt;prefix>.raw.manifest.xml for all other
										instances</li>
								</ul>
							</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Cannot add unit in create custom metric dialog in user console (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7919"
								>EUCA-7919</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: use the euwatch command line tools to add a custom
							metric.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Volume attachments fail with EBS backed guests using ephemeral disks
							post stop/start (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7460"
								>EUCA-7640</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: see linked bug.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instance profiles don't work with IAM roles that have an IAM auto
							scaling policy (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7874"
								>EUCA-7847</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: see linked bug.</entry>
					</row>
					<!--<row>
						<entry>Search by owner on images landing page does not filter correctly
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7792"
								>EUCA-7792</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using the "Owner: me " filter, the search returns an empty page.
						</entry>
					</row>-->
					<row>
						<entry>euca_imager does not honour cacheDirectoryLimitMb property (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6531"
								>EUCA-6531</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The cacheDirectoryLimitMb property does not work on VMware even after
							adding it to the config and euca_imager left cache directory with all
							files after image creation.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instance profiles don't support roles with IAM S3 policies (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7863"
								>EUCA-7863</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>See linked bug for details.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Maximum image size for euca-register has been increased from 10GB to
							30GB (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-1011"
								>DOC-1011</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The maximum size for an image has been increased from 10GB to 30GB by
							default. Administrators who want to change this default (for example, to
							enforce the same 10GB limitation as EC2) can change this value by using
							the following command: <p>
								<codeph>euca-modify-property -p cloud.images.maximagesizegb=&lt;max
									size in gigabytes&gt;</codeph>
							</p><p> The value must be an integer; a value of 0 disables the size
								check and means that there is no limit on the size of images that
								may be registered by users. Changing the value will not invalidate
								previously registered images. For upgraded installations, the
								maximum size is set to '0' if the previous version of Eucalyptus did
								not include this property (pre-3.4.0) so the admin must explicitly
								set a limit if one is desired.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Recursive DNS Server Behavior Change After 3.3.x to 3.4.0 Upgrade
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7935"
								>EUCA-7935</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the /etc/resolv.conf on the CLC has been configured to use itself
							(i.e. IP of CLC) in a Eucalyptus 3.3.x cloud as a nameserver, after
							upgrading to Eucalyptus 3.4.0, users will have to define recursive DNS
							servers in CLOUD_OPTS in the eucalyptus.conf on the CLC. For the
							workaround, please see <xref format="html"
								href="https://engage.eucalyptus.com/customer/portal/articles/1339260-recursive-dns-server-behavior-change-after-3-3-x-to-3-4-0-upgrade"
								>Recursive DNS Server Behavior Change After 3.3.x to 3.4.0
								Upgrade</xref>.</entry>
					</row>
					
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		<p><b>Outstanding known issues from previous releases:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Broker does not support some host configurations (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/BROKER-36"
								>BROKER-36</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using VMware, all hosts must either be managed by VCenter or the
							Eucalyptus VMware Broker. Mixed management of the hosts is not supported
							and will result connectivity issues with the Broker.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>VMware Broker requires <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user to have write
							access to the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus</filepath> directory (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/BROKER-9"
								>BROKER-9</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user does not have write access to
							the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus</filepath> directory, the VMware Broker
							will stay in a <codeph>BROKEN</codeph> state, and
								<codeph>euca-configure-vmware</codeph> will fail. Run <codeph>chown
								-R eucalyptus:eucalyptus /etc/eucalyptus/</codeph> on the VMware
							Broker machine to ensure that the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user owns
							the necessary files.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ELBs fail because of lack of internet connection due to NTP (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7305"
								>EUCA-7305</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>ELB's won't work properly when they don't have internet connectivity.
							As part of the ELB image, we setup public NTP servers for time sync. In
							enterprise environments there is no guarantee that instances can reach
							the internet. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Euca-bundle-instance does not restart instance with VMware (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7291"
								>EUCA-7291</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Instances stay in the powered off state on the ESX hosts after the
							bundle task completes. Eucalyptus reports the state as "running". There
							are two workarounds: <ul>
								<li>If the user has access to vSphere, the user can power on the VM
									through a vSphere client</li>
								<li>If the user does not have access to vSphere, the user can
									terminate the instance through Eucalyptus (to get it out of
									"running" state) and then start a new one using the newly
									available EMI.</li>
							</ul>
						</entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry>VMware Broker only reporting half of the cores per NC (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7205"
								>EUCA-7205</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus uses the physical number of cores on an ESX host as the
							number of virtual cores. To change the value of your virtual cores, open
							the configuration file and set <codeph>maxCores</codeph> to the desired
							number of cores. For information about how to set this value, see <xref
								href="../ig/configuring_vmware_support.dita#configuring_vmware_advanced"
								>Configure VMware Support</xref> in
							the Eucalyptus Installation Guide.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus cloud service JVM SIGSEGV in HA configuration (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7030"
								>EUCA-7030</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In an HA configuration, the <codeph>eucalyptus-cloud</codeph> service
							exits with a SIGSEGV fatal error after a fairly short period. When this
							occurs the current thread is always "C2 CompilerThread0" and the method
							under compilation is "java.sql.DriverManager::getDriver". A workaround
							for this issue is to add "-Xint" to CLOUD_OPTS in eucalyptus.conf to
							disable hotspot. However, please note that this workaround might have
							some performance impact.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Cannot log in to User Console with either user or admin account
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6968"
								>EUCA-6968</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>To access the Eucalyptus User Console in 3.3.1, a user must have a
							policy that allows access to the services supported by the console. For
							example:
							<codeblock>{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Action": [
        "autoscaling:Describe*",
        "cloudwatch:Describe*",
        "cloudwatch:Get*",
        "cloudwatch:List*",
        "ec2:Describe*",
        "elasticloadbalancing:Describe*"
      ],
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}</codeblock></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>When LDAP/AD integration is enabled, login profiles are not enabled
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6760"
								>EUCA-6760</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When LDAP/AD integration is enabled,
								<apiname>euare-userloginprofiles</apiname> are not created. To make
							sure that users can log into the Administration Console, do the
							following: <ol>
								<li>Create a login profile using a "dummy" password:
									<codeblock>euare-useraddloginprofile --delegate account1 -u user03 -p test</codeblock>
								</li>
								<li>Check to see that the user's login profile has been created:
									<codeblock>euare-usergetloginprofile --delegate account1 -u user03
user03</codeblock>
								</li>
							</ol>
							<p>The user can now log into the Administration Console using their user
								ID and LDAP/AD password.</p>
							<note type="important">This only applies to the Administration Console.
								You do not need to creat login profiles for the User
							Console.</note>_</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>LDAP: error code 4 - Sizelimit Exceeded when using LDAP/AD
							Integration (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6756"
								>EUCA-6756</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The LDAP/AD integration can't configure the number of items that the
							Directory search cant return during the synchronization process. So, the
							synchronization process uses the default. However, if a search responds
							with more entries than the client is configured to accept, the error
							displays. The workaround is to use the filter sub-element under the
							selection element for <xref
								href="../ag/accounting_groups.dita#accounting_groups">accounting-groups</xref>, <xref
								href="../ag/groups.dita#groups">groups</xref>, and <xref
								href="../ag/users.dita#users">users</xref> configuration variables
							in the LIC file.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Requests to create volume fail on startup or initial restart of
							components (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6479"
								>EUCA-6479</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases, a <codeph>Failed to marshall response</codeph> error
							occurs on create volume requests. Restarting the components again solves
							this issue.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue adding secondary CLC after upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6462"
								>EUCA-6462</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>It is not possible to move a non-HA CLC to HA after an upgrade to
							3.3.0. A fresh install is recommended in this situation. A workaround
							can be found on <xref format="html"
								href="https://engage.eucalyptus.com/customer/portal/articles/1175134-issues-moving-to-ha-clc-from-non-ha-setup"
								>Eucalyptus Engage</xref>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Modify service does not work always (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6389"
								>EUCA-6389</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases the <codeph>euca-modify-service</codeph> command does
							not work. A subsequent retry of this command should succeed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>NC often goes to NOTREADY state during multiple instance migration
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6366"
								>EUCA-6366</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>During a multiple instance migration the user may see the source NC
							transition into NOTREADY state. There is no explicit action required.
							The NC will transition back to ENABLED and the migration will succeed.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Failure to create backing for instance migration (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6228"
								>EUCA-6228</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases the user may see a failure when attempting multiple
							instance migration. The workaround is to run the migration a second
							time, which should succeed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instances become inaccessible if CC is clean restarted during
							migration (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6232"
								>EUCA-6232</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Performing a clean-restart operation during a migration may cause
							instances to become inaccessible. It is best to avoid a clean-restart
							operation during migration. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Can't bundle the same instance twice (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6075"
								>EUCA-6075</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The first attempt to run <codeph>euca-bundle-instance</codeph> on an
							instance will succeed. Subsequent attempts to run this on the same
							instance will fail. The workaround is to terminate the instance then try
							again with anotherinstance. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Walrus image cache is hidden to the user (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6068"
								>EUCA-6068</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When a registered image is deleted from Walrus the cache files stay
							behind, but they are not shown when listing bucket contents. An attempt
							to delete the bucket will return a <codeph>409 BucketNotEmpty.</codeph>
							To workaround this issue de-register the deleted images and then delete
							the bucket.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Successfully started migration can be reported as failed (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6043"
								>EUCA-6043</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The user may see an error message when attempting to migrate an
							instance: <codeph>Error(MigrateInstancesType): Migrating instance
								i-820A3F02 failed because of:
								com.eucalyptus.ws.WebServicesException:
								com.eucalyptus.ws.WebServicesException: Error parsing document (line
								-1, col -1, in SOAP-message) </codeph> In spite of this error the
							migration has started and should successfully complete.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>BundleInstance always produces x86_64 images (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5979"
								>EUCA-5979</xref>,<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5980"
								>EUCA-5980</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The <codeph>euca-bundle-instance</codeph> command defaults to the
							x86_64 architecture for both the NC and VMWare Broker. In order to
							ensure the appropriate architecture the user must always supply the
								<codeph>--arch</codeph> option to <codeph>euca-register</codeph>.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>A user in non-eucalyptus account does not see a public image (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5901"
								>EUCA-5901</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>A user in an account that is not the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph>
							account mustuse the -a option with <codeph>euca-describe-images</codeph>
							in order to display public images.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus 3.3 now requires JVM version 7 (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5807"
								>EUCA-5807</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus 3.3 requires version 7 of the Java Virtual Machine. Make
							sure that your CLOUD_OPTS settings in the
							/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf file either do not set
								<codeph>--java-home</codeph>, or that <codeph>--java-home</codeph>
							points to a version 7 JVM. This needs to happen before services are
							started but after the upgraded packages are installed.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instance running time instance types in report not consistent with UI
							and CLI (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4847"
								>EUCA-4847</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>As of Eucalyptus 3.3.0, the instance summary report will no longer be
							available from the command line tools nor the User Console</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Some components are initialized rather than disabled after an
							unexpected reboot (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4354"
								>EUCA-4354</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This only occurs when CLC, Walrus, and SC are located on the same
							machine in an HA setting. In an unexpected reboot within that setting,
							when the redundant components switch roles, some secondary components
							can become initialized rather than disabled. For a workaround, restart
							the initialized components. We strongly recommend that you use one
							machine for each Eucalyptus component in HA mode.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console requires upload of private key to access a Windows
							instance password (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4293"
								>EUCA-4293</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Passwords for Windows instances are encrypted for a specified key
							pair. The user console requires that you upload the appropriate private
							key to access an instance password. <b>We strongly recommend against
								using this feature without HTTPS!</b> To access the instance
							password without uploading your private key, use
								<codeph>euca-get-password [instance id] -k [keyfile]</codeph> on the
							command line.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console cannot generate new Windows password on restarting a
							stopped instance (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4291"
								>EUCA-4291</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The user console continues to display an old password after a Windows
							instance is stopped and restarted. You must log out of the user console,
							log in again, and then generate a password, in order to log in to a
							Windows instance that has been stopped and restarted.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>iptables-preload is not honored when CC are in HA mode and failover
							happens (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4253"
								>EUCA-4253</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When Eucalyptus is in HA mode, the
								<filepath>iptables-preload</filepath> file is not reloaded on
							failover. To load this file, do the following: <ol>
								<li>Clean restart the active CC.</li>
								<li>Verify that both CCs report the rules when they are going back
									online.</li>
								<li>Disable the active CC and verify that the standby CC becomes
									active with the <filepath>iptables-preload</filepath>
									rules.</li>
							</ol>
						</entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry>DBResourceCheck exceptions logged at <codeph>ERROR</codeph> log level
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4177"
								>EUCA-4177</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The DBResourceCheck class frequently polls to determine the number of
							active database connections for a given alias. This can result in a
							DBResourceCheck exception. This exception is expected, and is not
							fatal.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The reporting feature in the Eucalyptus Administrator Console show no
							metrics. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4168"
								>EUCA-4168</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This occurs only if you run a report that includes the current date.
							The metrics that show no data are: <uicontrol>CpuUsage%</uicontrol>,
								<uicontrol>Net Total In/Out</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disk
								R/W</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disk IOPS R/W</uicontrol>, and
								<uicontrol>DiskTime</uicontrol>. For a workaround, use the CLI
							command, <apiname>eureport-generate-report</apiname>, to run reports
							from the Cloud Controller for a time period that includes the current
							date. You can also use the Eucalyptus Administrator Console and move the
							end date up the previous day.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The <codeph>euca-describe-bundle-tasks</codeph> command does not keep
							task status after task completes (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4140"
								>EUCA-4140</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When bundling a Windows instance, the task is removed from the task
							list as soon as the bundle completes, so euca-describe-bundle-tasks
							never shows a 'complete' status.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus Console https redirect doesn't work (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4104"
								>EUCA-4104</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When SSL is enabled for the user console, http requests do not
							automatically redirect to the proper https address, which can result in
							a blank page.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>No client side reporting on exceeding maxtotalvolumesizeingb (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4030"
								>EUCA-4030</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If an EBS-backed instance is launched that is larger than the cloud
							property <codeph>maxtotalvolumesizeingb</codeph>, then there is no error
							reported back to the client. The instance is terminated. The workaround
							is to increase the following cloud properties: <ul>
								<li><codeph>storage.maxtotalvolumesizeingb</codeph></li>
								<li><codeph>storage.maxvolumesizeingb</codeph></li>
							</ul>
							<p>Once these values are increased, the instances will
							launch.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>[error:0290] message printed on upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4027"
								>EUCA-4027</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The Eucalyptus upgrade process requires a large number of file
							descriptors, and an error may occur if <codeph>ulimit</codeph> is not
							set to an appropriate value. To avoid this error, set <codeph>ulimit -n
								5000</codeph> before upgrading Eucalyptus. This error is not an
							indication of a failed upgrade.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Unable to start stopped instances after upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4026"
								>EUCA-4026</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus 3.2 manages ISCSI targets in a different way to previous
							versions. The first attempt to start any stopped instances relying on
								<codeph>iscsiadm</codeph> will fail, but the issue is resolved
							during cleanup so subsequent requests for that instance will
							work.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ERR-1009 "Mismatched cryptographical keys" gets written too many
							times in cc-fault.log (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3986"
								>EUCA-3986</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Currently, CC may log this fault once for each process in the pool.
							This is because the logic that suppresses duplicate faults relies on
							process-local memory rather than memory regions shared across CC
							processes.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>httpd-cc_error_log</codeph> Grows without bound (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3909"
								>EUCA-3909</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The <codeph>httpd-cc_error_log</codeph> is not rotated and can grow
							quite large. To reduce this file size, do <codeph>cp /dev/null
								$EUCALYPTUS/var/log/eucalyptus/httpd-cc_error_log</codeph>. This
							will truncate the file. Removing the file is not recommended.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Vague error message: <codeph>Failed to find corresponding class
								mapping for element: RegisterVMwareBroker in namespace</codeph>.
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3808"
								>EUCA-3808</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If you get this error message, you need to install the
								<codeph>eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs</codeph> on the
							CLC. Run <codeph>yum install
								eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs</codeph> on each CLC in
							your cloud.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Capacity report shows unordered list of VM types (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3707"
								>EUCA-3707</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When running a capacity report, the VM types are not ordered from
							smallest to largest instance type when displayed at the cloud or AZ
							property level.</entry>
					</row>
					<!--these are issues carried over...discuss-->
					<row>
						<entry>Quota limiting run instances against availabilityzone resource does
							not work (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3614"
								>EUCA-3614</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>A policy which limits the number of instances which can be run within
							an availability zone has no effect.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>IP pages do not work properly for admin user in Eucalyptus User
							Console (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3548"
								>EUCA-3548</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>All user IP addresses are shown, rather than just the admin user's IP
							addresses.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ENABLED CC have two NAT rules about 169.254.169.254 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3440"
								>EUCA-3440</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In HA Mode, ENABLED CC can get into a state where it reports both
							ENABLED and DISABLED CLC in iptables for the metadata service.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Walrus does not failover in HA if eucalyptus-cloud process is
							forcibly killed on primary (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3202"
								>EUCA-3202</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the eucalyptus-cloud process is forcibly terminated (kill -9) on
							the primary Walrus, failover to the secondary Walrus is not
							automatically triggered.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euca-create-image from ebs backed instance fails, returns 0 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1333"
								>EUCA-1333</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>euca-create-image is currently unsupported.</entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry>Must use user-friendly names for mulitpathing(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-504"
								>DOC-504</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus connect scripts assume multipathing uses user friendly
							names instead of WWID for the multipath device names, so the
							"user_friendly_names" option must be enabled in /etc/multipath.conf.
						</entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry>Netapp SAN: admin will have to set chapuser explicitly after upgrade
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-791"
								>DOC-791</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If you are a subscriber and use NetApp as the storage SAN backend,
							you must onfigure the CHAP username to be used by the Eucalyptus on the
							CLC (the primary CLC in an HA setup) using <codeph>euca-modify-property
								-p &lt;partition>.storage.chapuser=&lt;Chap_username></codeph>. The
							CHAP username can be any value, however it should be unique when sharing
							a NetApp Filer across multiple Eucalyptus clusters. The SC will not
							transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is configured.
						</entry>
					</row>


				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
