<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="intro_special_feature_release_4.4.2">
 <title>Special Status Release Features</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic describes special status release features and their support scope. It also
    provides a list of features in special status release for <ph
      conref="../../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_longname"/> 4.4.2.</shortdesc>
 <conbody> 
  <section>
<!--    IMPORTANT NOTE TO WRITERS: DO NOT CHANGE THIS DEFINITION WITHOUT APPROVAL FROM HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE LEGAL
-->  
    <title>Feature Release Types</title>
    <p>There are 3 feature release types, of which 2 have special status:
    <ul>
      <li>Technology Preview - see below for the definition, policies, and current features in this
            special status.</li>
      <li>Controlled Availability - see below for the definition, policies, and current features in
            this special status.</li>
      <li>General Availability - fully supported features.</li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
   
    <section>
      <title>Feature Release Type Summary Comparison</title>
      <p><table>
        <tgroup cols="4">
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Attribute</entry>
              <entry>Technology Preview</entry>
              <entry>Controlled Availability</entry>
              <entry>General Availability</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Feature complete</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Supported</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>~ *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Feedback welcome</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Upgradeable</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>~ *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Production ready</entry>
              <entry>No</entry>
              <entry>~ *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Future guaranteed</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>~ *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>What’s it like?</entry>
              <entry>Nightly / Alpha</entry>
              <entry>Beta</entry>
              <entry>Production</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Performance standards</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>No *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>May be deprecated</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
              <entry>Yes; defined process</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table></p>
      <p><b>Table legend</b></p>
      <p>* Per agreement – special cases and conditions to define support, upgrade / future path, production-ready status, level of performance to expect.</p>
      <p>~ Possible - but <b>not</b> guaranteed.</p>
    </section>
   
   <section>
     <title>Upgrade Compatibility and Support Scope</title>
     <p>During the development of a special status feature, additional components may become
        available to the public for testing. Because special status features are still under
        development, we cannot guarantee the stability of such
        features. As a result, if you are using special status features, you may not be able to
        seamlessly upgrade to subsequent <ph
          conref="../../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_longname"/> releases.</p>
     <p>Special status features are included in a release to provide early access to features that
        we may support fully in future releases, but we cannot guarantee that support will be
        provided or issues resolved in a future release. Some special status features may only be
        available for specific hardware architectures.</p>
     <p>The <ph conref="../../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_longname"/> customer success team may
        create bug reports on behalf of support cases filed by subscribed customers. These bug
        reports will then be forwarded to <ph
          conref="../../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_longname"/> engineering as proposed for
        inclusion in a future release.</p>
   </section>
   
   <section id="tech_prev_definition">
    <title>Technology Preview Definition</title>
     <p>Technology preview features provide early access to upcoming product innovations, enabling
       you to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.</p>
     <p id="tech_prev_rules"><b>Customers and users should be aware that technology preview features:</b></p>
     <ul>
       <li>are not fully supported under Eucalyptus subscription level
          agreements.</li>
       <li>may not be functionally complete.</li>
       <li>are not intended for production use.</li>
     </ul>
     <p>In some cases, this may be applicable to the entire cloud deployment depending on the
       subsystems affected by the feature in technology preview. As we consider making future
       iterations of technology preview features generally available, we will attempt to resolve
       any issues that customers experience when using these features.</p>

     <p id="tech_prev_now"><b>Current Technology Preview Features</b></p>
     <p>The following features are in technology preview for this <ph
          conref="../../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_longname"/> release:</p>
     
     <!--     If there are no features in tech preview, insert this text. 
       Otherwise hide it for the release and list the features. -->
      <!--<ul><li>There are no features in technology preview in this release.</li></ul>-->
     
     <ul>
        <li><xref href="../../install-guide/config_storage_ceph_rbd.dita#configure_ceph_rbd">EBS
            snapshot delta support</xref></li>
        <!--   <li>For example: VPC - see <xref href="../user-guide/vpc_intro.dita">
         Using Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)</xref>.</li>
       <li></li>
       <li></li> -->
        <!--Also add any XREFs *TO* this Technical Preview topic, so, when the feature is no longer TP status
       we can remove any links here. 

       ADDed XREF TO TECHNICAL PREVIEW DOC-2019
       <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/tech_preview_snap_delta"/></note>     
                  
       UPDATE THESE:
        ..\content\en_us\install-guide\config_block_storage.dita
        ..\content\en_us\install-guide\config_storage_ceph_rbd.dita
        ..\content\en_us\euca2ools-guide\euca-properties.dita

       
       EBS snapshot delta support referenced in the above topics, with XREFs BACK HERE that should be REMOVED when EBS snapshot delta support is NOT ON THIS LIST
       any longer. -->
      </ul>
   </section>
   
   <section id="control_avail_definition">
     <title>Controlled Availability Definition</title>
    <p>A controlled availability release is a conditional release of a product (or products) that
        does not meet a published standard, or for which we are unable to provide support under
        published policy.</p>
     <p id="control_avail_rules"><b>Customers and users should be aware that controlled availability features:</b></p>
      <p><ul>
        <li>are used to limit the shipment of a product or a release to a set of customers who agree
            to specific use conditions, which include migrating to a General Availability (GA)
            release when it is ready.</li>
        <li>are generally used to deliver early releases of new products or new features of existing
            products to satisfy customer commitments.</li>
        <li>might not include all time-critical fixes, although some defect repair might be rolled
            in as necessary.</li>
        <li>can be ordered only with proper approval and for a specified length of time. (The
            approval process and order start/stop time frame are documented prior to the release in
            the controlled availability agreement.)</li>
      </ul></p>
     <p>In some cases, this may be applicable to the entire cloud deployment depending on the
       subsystems affected by the feature in controlled availability. As we consider making future
       iterations of these features generally available, we will attempt to resolve
       any issues that customers experience when using these features.</p>

     <p id="control_avail_now"><b>Current Controlled Availability Features</b></p>
     <p>The following features are in controlled availability for this <ph
          conref="../../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_longname"/> release:</p>
     
<!--     If there are no features in controlled availability, insert this text. 
       Otherwise hide it for the release and list the features. -->
     
     <ul>
<!--       <li>There are no features in controlled availability in this release.</li>
-->
       <li><xref href="../../install-guide/config_storage_ceph_rgw.dita#config_storage_ceph_rgw"
            >Ceph RGW object storage</xref></li>
       
       <!--Also add any XREFs *TO* this Controlled Availability topic, so, when the feature is no longer CA status
       we can remove any links here. 
       
        ADDed XREF TO CONTROLLED AVAILABILITY DOC-1849
        <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/control_avail_ceph_rgw"/></note> 
 
      
       UPDATE THESE:
        ..\content\en_us\install-guide\config_object_storage.dita
        ..\content\en_us\install-guide\config_storage_ceph_rgw.dita
        ..\content\en_us\install-guide\euca_components.dita
        ..\content\en_us\release-notes\4.4.2\4.4.2_rn_compatibility_matrix.dita
       
       Ceph RGW referenced in the above topics, with XREFs BACK HERE that should be REMOVED when Ceph RGW is NOT ON THIS LIST
       any longer. -->
       
       <li><xref
            href="../../shared/console_config_locating_config_file.dita#console_config_locating_config_file"
            >OpenID Connect (OIDC) support</xref></li>
       <!--Also add any XREFs *TO* this Controlled Availability topic, so, when the feature is no longer CA status
       we can remove any links here. 
       
        ADDed XREF TO CONTROLLED AVAILABILITY DOC-2086
        <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/control_avail_oidc"/></note> 
 
      
       UPDATE THESE:
        /content/en_us/shared/console_config_locating_config_file.dita  


     
       OpenID Connect referenced in the above topics, with XREFs BACK HERE that should be REMOVED when OpenID Connect is NOT ON THIS LIST
       any longer. -->
       
     </ul>
   </section>
   
 </conbody>
</concept>
