<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="access_initial_setup">
    <title>Use Case: Creating an Administrator</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>This use case details tasks for creating an administrator. These tasks require that you
        		have your account credentials for sending requests to Eucalyptus using the command line interface (CLI) tools.</p>
        </context>
        
    </taskbody>
	<!--<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="setup_get_creds">
		<title>Get Your Account Credentials</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context><p>You can interact with Eucalyptus access control using Euca2ools, a suite of command
				line interface (CLI) tools designed for Eucalyptus services. </p>
				
				<p>To use the CLI, you must first get the access keys for your account. You can find them by going to the AWS management console on the web, clicking your name on the top, followed by Security Credentials, and scrolling down to the section titled Access Credentials. Make note of the Access Key ID and the Secret Access Key that appears beside it. Both of them should be long sets of alphanumeric characters. Create a file called .iamrc in your home directory that contains those keys in this format:</p></context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd></cmd>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
		</task>-->
	<!--<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="setup_initial_setup">
		<title>Initial Setup</title>
		Install the Command Line Tools
		Install the euca2ools package. To do so with yum, run:
		# yum install euca2ools
		</task>-->
	
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="setup_create_admin_group">
		<title>Create an Admin Group</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Eucalyptus recommends using account credentials as little as possible. You can avoid using account credentials by creating a group of users with administrative privileges. </p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Create a group called <userinput>administrators</userinput>.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupcreate -g administrators</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the group was created.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-grouplistbypath</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>
						<p>Eucalyptus returns a listing of the groups that have been created, as in the following
						example.</p>
						<codeblock>arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/administrators</codeblock>
					</stepresult>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="setup_group_pol">
		<title>Add a Policy to the Group</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Add a policy to the administrators group that allows its members to perform all actions in
					Eucalyptus.</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command to create a policy called <codeph>admin-root</codeph> that
						grants all actions on all resources to all users in the
						administrators group:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupaddpolicy -p admin-root -g administrators -e Allow -a "*" -r "*" -o</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="setup_admin_user">
		<title>Create an Administrative User</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Create a user for day-to-day administrative work and add that user to the administrators group.</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command to create an administrative user named <codeph>alice</codeph>:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-usercreate -u alice</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Add the new administrative user to the administrators group.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupadduser -g administrators -u alice</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="setup_gen_admin_creds">
		<title>Generate Administrative Credentials</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>To start running commands as the new administrative user, you must create an access key for
					that user.</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command to generate an access key for the administrative user:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-useraddkey -u alice</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>
						<p>Eucalyptus returns the access key ID and the user's secret key.</p>
					</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Open the <filepath>~/.eucarc</filepath> file and replace your account credentials you just created, as in this example:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>export EC2_ACCESS_KEY='WOKSEQRNM1LVIR702XVX1'
export EC2_SECRET_KEY='0SmLCQ8DAZPKoaC7oJYcRMfeDUgGbiSVv1ip5WaH'</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Save and close the file.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Open the <filepath>~/.iamrc</filepath> file and replace your account credentials, as in this example:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>AWSAccessKeyId=WOKSEQRNM1LVIR702XVX1
AWSSecretKey=0SmLCQ8DAZPKoaC7oJYcRMfeDUgGbiSVv1ip5WaH</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Save and close the file.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Switch euca2ools over to using the new credentials.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>source ~/.eucarc</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	
</task>
