<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="access_lic">
	<title>LDAP/AD Integration Configuration</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The LDAP/AD Integration Configuration (LIC) is a JSON format file. This file specifies
			everything Eucalyptus needs to know about how to synchronize with an LDAP or AD service.</p>
		<p>You can find a LIC template at <filepath>/usr/share/eucalyptus/lic_template</filepath>. This
			template shows all the fields of the LIC, and provides detailed documentation and example
			values for each field.</p>
		<p>To start a LIC file, use the LIC command line tool.</p>
		<codeblock>/usr/sbin/euca-lictool --password &lt;password> --out example.lic</codeblock>
		
		<p>The above command invokes the LIC tool to create a template LIC and fill in the encrypted password for authenticating to LDAP/AD service (i.e. the password of the administrative user for accessing the LDAP/AD during synchronization). The LIC tool’s primary functions are to encrypt the LDAP/AD password and to generate the starting LIC template. The usage of the LIC tool shows different ways to invoke the command.</p>
		
		<p>Once you have the LIC template, you can fill in the details by editing the “*.lic” file using
			your favorite editor as it is a simple text file. As we said above, the LIC file is in JSON
			format. Each top level entity specifies one aspect of the LDAP/AD synchronization. The following
			shows one possible example of a LIC file.</p>
		
		<codeblock>{
"ldap-service":{
  "server-url":"ldap://localhost:7733",
  "auth-method":"simple",
  "user-auth-method":"simple",
  "auth-principal":"cn=ldapadmin,dc=foo,dc=com",
  "auth-credentials": "{RSA/ECB/PKCS1Padding}EAXRnvwnKtCZOxSrD/F3ng/yHH3J4jMxNUS
  kJJf6oqNMsUihjUerZ20e5iyXImPgjK1ELAPnppEfJvhCs7woS7jtFsedunsp5DJCNhgmOb2CR/MnH
  11V3FNY7bBWoew5A8Wwy6x7YrPMS0j7dJkwM7yfp1Z6AbKOo2688I9uIvJUQwEKS4dOp7RVdA0izlJ
  BDPAxiFZ2qa40VjFI/1mggbiWDNlgxiVtZXAEK7x9SRHJytLS8nrNPpIvPuTg3djKiWPVOLZ6vpSgP
  cVEliP261qdUfnf3GDKi3jqbPpRRQ6n8yI6aHw0gAtq8/qPyqjkkDP8JsGBgmXMxiCNPogbWg==",
  "use-ssl":"false",
  "ignore-ssl-cert-validation":"false",
  "krb5-conf":"/path/to/krb5.conf",
},

"sync":{
  "enable":"true",
  "auto":"true",
  "interval":"900000",
  "clean-deletion":"false",
},

"accounting-groups":{
  "base-dn":"ou=groups,dc=foo,dc=com",
  "id-attribute":"cn",
  "member-attribute":"member",
  "selection":{
      "filter":"objectClass=accountingGroup",
      "select":["cn=accountingToSelect,ou=Groups,dc=foo,dc=com"],
      "not-select":["cn=accountingToIgnore,ou=Groups,dc=foo,dc=com"],
  }
},
<!--
"groups-partition":{
  "fooAccount":["fooGroup1", "fooGroup2"],
  "barAccount":["barGroup1", "barGroup2"],
},
-->
"groups":{
  "base-dn":"ou=groups,dc=foo,dc=com",
  "id-attribute":"cn",
  "member-attribute":"member",
  "selection":{
      "filter":"objectClass=groupOfNames",
      "select":["cn=groupToSelect,ou=Groups,dc=foo,dc=com"],
      "not-select":["cn=groupToIgnore,ou=Groups,dc=foo,dc=com"],
  }
},

"users":{
  "base-dn":"ou=people,dc=foo,dc=com",
  "id-attribute":"uid",
  "user-info-attributes":{
      "fullName":"Full Name",
      "email":"Email"
  },
  "selection":{
      "filter":"objectClass=inetOrgPerson",
      "select":["uid=john,ou=People,dc=foo,dc=com", "uid=jack,ou=People,dc=foo,dc=com"],
      "not-select":["uid=tom,ou=People,dc=foo,dc=com"],
  }
},</codeblock>
		
		<p>In the following sections explain each field of LIC in detail.</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
