<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="access_create_acct">

	<title>Account Creation</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>You can create accounts two ways:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>Direct creation using command line tool or Eucalyptus dashboard by sys admin. The accounts
				created in this method will be available for accessing immediately.</li>
			<li>Registration process. One can apply for an account through the dashboard. The process is
				as follows: <ol>
					<li>The cloud user registers using the form on the dashboard interface.</li>
					<li>An email will then be sent to the sys admin for review. Sys admin can approve or
						reject the application by invoking a URL included in the email. A notification email
						will be sent to the intended account owner.</li>
					<li>If the application is approved, the account owner needs to invoke the URL included in
						the notification email to confirm the approval.</li>
					<li>Once confirmed, the new account becomes available.</li>
				</ol>
			</li>

		</ul>


		<p>The account registration status can be found in Dashboard. The account registration status is
			actually associated with the account admin user. That means you can use the following command
			to obtain the same information:</p>

		<codeblock>euare-usergetattributes --delegate account -u admin --show-extra</codeblock>
		<p>Where the <codeph>--show-extra</codeph> option displays extra information of a user in the
			following order:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>Enabled status</li>
			<li>Registration status</li>
			<li>Password expires</li>
		</ul>

		<p>The account registration status has the following values based on the status of registration
			process: <codeph>REGISTERED</codeph>, <codeph>APPROVED</codeph>, or
			<codeph>CONFIRMED</codeph>. An account that is not confirmed cannot be used or accessed. The
			system administrator can manipulate the account registration status in both dashboard and
			command line:</p>

		<codeblock>euare-usermod --delegate account -u admin --reg-status=status</codeblock>
		<p>The command line manipulation of the registration status does not send the notification
			emails. So unless you experienced, we recommend that you use the Dashboard.</p>
	</conbody>

	<!--<related-links>
		<link></link>
	</related-links>-->
</concept>
