<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="backup_restore_dasmanager_sc">
    <title>Back Up and Restore a DASManager-Configured Storage Controller</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="backup_dasmanager_sc">
        <title>Backup a DASManager-Configured Storage Controller</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p>To backup a DASManager-configured storage controller:</p>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Perform a database backup as described in <xref id="backup_postgres"
                        />Back Up and Restore the Database.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Backup LVN metadata:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Store the output of the vgdisplay, pvdisplay, and lvdisplay
                                settings for Eucalyptus volumes. For this example, $dasdevice is the
                                value configured for the SC, which can be discover with the
                                following command: </cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeph>euca-describe-properties
                                    &lt;partition&gt;.storage.dasdevice</codeph>
                                <p>If the return value is an LVM volume group, then the following
                                    example will work. If it is a raw disk, then Eucalyptus SC will
                                    have created a Volume Group with a name like: "euca-vg-abcd123",
                                    use that value for $dasdevice. </p>
                                <p>
                                    <codeblock><![CDATA[pvdisplay -C >> $backup_dir/das_backup && vgdisplay $dasdevice -C >> $backup_dir/das_backup && lvdisplay $dasdevice -C >> $backup_dir/das_backup]]></codeblock>
                                </p>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <note importance="high">You must have enough disk space to store copies of all
                        your volumes.</note>
                    <cmd>Save the content of each volume into a backup file. For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>for vol in 'lvdisplay $dasdevice -C | awk '/euca/ {print $1}'`; do echo $vol ; dd if=$dasdevice/$vol of=$backup_dir/$vol bs=1M; done</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Copy all snapshot files from $EUCALYPTUS/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes/ to
                        your backup directory. For example: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>cp $EUCALYPTUS/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes/snap-* $backup_dir/</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>

        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="restore_dasmanager_sc">
        <title>Restore a DASManager-Configured Storage Controller</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>Restore instructions go here.</context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>TBD</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>TBD</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
