<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="configure_advanced_storage_netapp_properties">
 <title>Configurable NetApp SAN Properties</title>
 <shortdesc/>
 <conbody>
  <p>The following tables list the NetApp SAN-specific properties you can configure using
    <codeph>euca-modify-property</codeph>, along with their valid values and Eucalyptus default
   values.</p>
  <note importance="high"> The following configuration options are a subset of the Netapp SAN
   configuration parameters. Changing these default values may cause storage operations to fail.
   Please proceed at your own risk. For more information on NetApp configuration, please refer to
   the <xref format="html"
    href="http://support.netapp.com/documentation/bytypedocweb/index.html?productID=30094&amp;subtypeID=61030"
    >NetApp Data ONTAP 7G documentation</xref> and the <xref format="html"
     href="http://support.netapp.com/documentation/bytypedocweb/index.html?productID=30092&amp;subtypeID=61030"
     >NetApp Data ONTAP 8G documentation</xref> (these links require you to register and login). </note>
  <section id="configure_advanced_storage_netapp_properties.bothmodes">
   <title>7-Mode and Cluster Mode Properties</title>
   <p>The following table lists properties that are applicable to both 7-mode and cluster mode:</p>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Eucalyptus Property</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Valid Values</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.fractionalreserve</entry>
       <entry>The percentage of space reserved for overwrites of reserved objects (LUNs or files) in
        a volume.</entry>
       <entry>0-100; default is 0</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.noatimeupdate</entry>
       <entry>Prevents the update of inode access times when a file is read.</entry>
       <entry>"on" (default) or "off"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.tryfirst</entry>
       <entry>Determines if the volume size is increased before deleting snapshots if
         <codeph>enableautosize</codeph> property is "true".</entry>
       <entry>"volume_grow" (default) or "snap_delete"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.guarantee</entry>
       <entry>Controls space reservation for flexible volumes. See the NetApp SDK documentation for
        more information.</entry>
       <entry>"none", "file", or "volume" (default)</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.enableautosize</entry>
       <entry>Toggles the flex volume autosize feature.</entry>
       <entry>"true" (default) or "false"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.volautosizemaxmultiplier</entry>
       <entry>Flex volume's maximum size allowed, specified as a multiple of the original
        size</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 1; default is 3</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.volautosizeincrementinmb</entry>
       <entry>Flex volume's increment size in megabytes.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 1; default is 256</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snappercent</entry>
       <entry>Additional space reserved on the flex volume to store automatic and manual snapshots
        created outside of Eucalyptus. The amount of space to be reserved is specified as a
        percentage of the flex volume.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 0; default is 0</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.aggregate</entry>
       <entry>Aggregates that can be used to create and manage volumes and snapshots. If a list of
        aggregates is configured, Eucalyptus will pick one based on
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.uselargestaggregate strategy. If no aggregate is provided Eucalyptus
        will query the NetApp SAN for available aggregates and choose one based
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.uselargestaggregate strategy. </entry>
       <entry>Comma-separated string</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.uselargestaggregate</entry>
       <entry>If set to “true” Eucalyptus will pick the largest available aggregate from a list of
        aggregates. If set to “false” the smallest available aggregate will be chosen.</entry>
       <entry>"true" (default) or "false"</entry>
      </row>


     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
  <section id="configure_advanced_storage_netapp_properties.7mode">
   <title>7-Mode Properties</title>
   <p>The following properties are specific to 7-mode:</p>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Eucalyptus Property</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Valid Values</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.convertucode</entry>
       <entry>Setting this option to "on" forces conversion of all directories to UNICODE format
        when accessed from both NFS and CIFS.</entry>
       <entry>"on" (default) or "off"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.createucode</entry>
       <entry>Setting this option to "on" forces UNICODE format directories to be created by default
        from NFS and CIFS.</entry>
       <entry>"on" (default) or "off"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snapschedweeks</entry>
       <entry>Number of weekly snapshots to keep online.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 0; default is 0</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snapscheddays</entry>
       <entry>Number of daily snapshots to keep online.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 0; default is 0</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snapschedhours</entry>
       <entry>Number of hourly snapshots to keep online.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 0; default is 0</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.nosnap</entry>
       <entry> Disable automatic snapshots. If set to “true”, snapshot scheduling properties
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.snapschedweeks and &lt;region&gt;.storage.snapscheddays and
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.snapschedhours are ignored, and the SC transmits the default value
        (0) in their place to the NetApp SAN. </entry>
       <entry>"true" (default) or "false"</entry>
      </row>

     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>

  <section id="configure_advanced_storage_netapp_properties.clustermode">
   <title>Cluster Mode Properties</title>
   <p>The following properties are cluster mode specific:</p>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Eucalyptus Property</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Valid Values</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snapshotpolicy</entry>
       <entry> Snapshot retention policy determines how long the scheduled snapshots in the reserve
        are kept before being deleted automatically. This applies to automatic snapshots
        only.</entry>
       <entry>String; default is "none"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.autosnapshots</entry>
       <entry> Disable automatic snapshots. If set to “false” snapshot scheduling policy defined by
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.snapshotpolicy is igonred and SC transmitts the default value
        (“none”) in its place to the NetApp SAN. </entry>
       <entry>"true" (default) or "false"</entry>
      </row>

     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>

 </conbody>
</concept>
