<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="dashboard_search">
	<title>Using Search</title>
	<shortdesc>This section details the <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> function in the Eucalyptus
		Dashboard.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<p>Experienced users can use search box to get any information provided by the dashboard. The
			basic syntax of a search is as follows:</p>
		<codeblock>&lt;type&gt;: &lt;field1&gt;=&lt;value1&gt;,&lt;value2&gt;
&lt;field2&gt;=&lt;value1&gt;,&lt;value2&gt;</codeblock>
		<p>The &lt;type&gt; specifies the information type provided by the Dashboard. Currently
			Eucalyptus supports the following types:</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="3">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Type Name</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
						<entry>Fields</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>start</entry>
						<entry>Start page</entry>
						<entry>None</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>config</entry>
						<entry>Service components configuration</entry>
						<entry>None</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>account</entry>
						<entry>Accounts</entry>
						<entry><b>name</b>, id</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>group</entry>
						<entry>User groups</entry>
						<entry><b>account</b>, <b>name</b>, id, <b>path</b>, user</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>user</entry>
						<entry>Users</entry>
						<entry><b>account</b>, <b>name</b>, id, <b>path</b>, enabled, registration, group,
							[custom keys...] <ul>
								<li>User’s custom keys can be used as fields.</li>
								<li><userinput>group</userinput> field means the user has membership in that
									group.</li>
							</ul>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>policy</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus policies</entry>
						<entry><b>account</b>, <b>user</b>, <b>group</b>, <varname>name</varname>, id,
								<b>version</b>, <b>text</b></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>key</entry>
						<entry>Access keys</entry>
						<entry><b>account</b>, <b>user</b>, id, active, user</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>cert</entry>
						<entry>X509 certificates</entry>
						<entry><b>account</b>, <b>user</b>, id, revoked, active</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>image</entry>
						<entry>VM images</entry>
						<entry>None</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>vmtype</entry>
						<entry>VM types</entry>
						<entry>None</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>report</entry>
						<entry>Report page</entry>
						<entry>None</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		<note>In the table, the field names in bold font means that for that field, the query evaluator
			does a partial match for the value.</note>
		<p>The minimal search query contains the type name and a colon. For example, to display the
				<uicontrol>Start Guide</uicontrol> page, you would enter:</p>
		<codeblock>start:</codeblock>
		
		<p>After the colon, you enter a list of conditions, if any are accepted by the type name. Each condition has a field name and a list of
			values. The field name and values are separated by an equal sign. There is no space between
			the field name and value. Separate values with a comma, and don't include a space. Separate
			multiple conditions with a space.</p>
		
		<p>To evaluate the search query, all conditions must be satisfied. For each condition, only
			one of the value for the field needs to be matched. For example, to find all users in the accounts
			whose names contain "testaccount", and whose user names
			contain "user1" or "user2", and who are enabled, enter the following:</p>
		
		<codeblock>user:account=testaccount name=user1,user2 enabled=true</codeblock> 
		
		<p>After entering a search query in the
			search box in the header area of the main screen, press the <uicontrol>Enter</uicontrol> key. The
			search result displays in the content area. The browser URL will also change to reflect the search. Actually,
			the search query itself is part of the URL (after the pound sign). For example:</p>
		<codeblock>https://localhost:8443/#account:name=test</codeblock>
		
		<p>In fact, you can type a search directly in the URL box of the browser. But
			remember that the URL itself is URL encoded. This also enables Eucalyptus to construct a search URL
			and add to any web page.</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
