<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="image_caching">
	<title>Caching Images on the Cluster Controller</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>image tasks <indexterm>caching</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>To reduce calls to Walrus, Eucalyptus provides a means for
				images, including ramdisk and kernel images, to be cached on a
				cluster controller (CC). If this feature is enabled, when
				Eucalyptus starts an instance, it will first look for the
				instance image in the CC image cache location. If the image is
				not found in the CC image cache, it will be loaded from Walrus,
				and stored in the cache if space is available.</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Edit <filepath>/var/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
					as follows:</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Uncomment the CC_IMAGE_PROXY line and specify the
							IP of the CC host on which to cache images.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>
# Set this to make the CC cache images, kernels and ramdisks.  NCs must
# be able to reach the CC with the specified value.
CC_IMAGE_PROXY="192.168.0.100"
							</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Set <codeph>CC_IMAGE_PROXY_PATH</codeph> to point
							to the location of the image cache.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>
# Set this to the location where the CC image proxy should store cached
# images.  The default is /var/lib/eucalyptus/dynserv/
CC_IMAGE_PROXY_PATH="/disk1/storage/cc_cache"
							</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Set <codeph>CC_IMAGE_PROXY_CACHE_SIZE</codeph> to
							the maximum size of the image cache.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>
# Set this to the maximum size (in megabytes) of the CC image proxy cache.
# The default is 32768, or 32 gigabytes.
CC_IMAGE_PROXY_CACHE_SIZE="32768"
							</codeblock>
							<note type="important">Setting
									<codeph>CC_IMAGE_PROXY_CACHE_SIZE</codeph>
								to <codeph>0</codeph> will cause any attempts to
								create an instance from an uncached image to
								remain pending indefinitely. To disable image
								caching, comment out the
									<codeph>CC_IMAGE_PROXY</codeph> line.</note>
						</info>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Create a <codeph>data</codeph> directory at the location
					specified in <codeph>CC_IMAGE_PROXY_PATH</codeph>, and give
					the “eucalyptus” user full access to the directory.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>
mkdir -p /disk1/storage/cc_cache/data
chmod -R 777 /disk1/storage/cc_cache
					</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Perform a clean restart of the cluster controller.</cmd>
				<info>
					<note type="important">A clean restart should only be
						performed when no instances are running, or when
						instance service interruption can be tolerated. A clean
						restart causes the CC to reset its networking
						configuration, regardless of whether or not it is in
						use. A clean restart of a CC managing active VMs can
						cause the network connectivity of those VMs to be
						irreparably lost.</note>
					<codeblock>
service eucalyptus-cc cleanrestart 
					</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
