<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="ldap_service">
  <title>ldap-service</title>
  <shortdesc></shortdesc>
  <refbody>
  	<section><p>The <codeph>ldap-service</codeph> element contains everything related to the LDAP/AD service.</p></section>
    <table>
    	<tgroup cols="2">
    		<thead>
    			<row><entry>Element</entry>
    			<entry>Description</entry></row>
    		</thead>
    		<tbody>
    			<row>
    				<entry>server-url</entry>
    				<entry>The LDAP/AD server URL, starting with ldap:// or ldaps://.</entry>
    			</row>
    			<row>
    				<entry>auth-method</entry>
    				<entry>The LDAP/AD authentication method to perform synchronization.</entry>
    			</row>
    			<row>
    				<entry>auth-principal</entry>
    				<entry>The ID of the administrative user for synchronization.</entry>
    			</row>
    			<row>
    				<entry>auth-credentials</entry>
    				<entry>The credentials for LDAP/AD authentication, like a password. We recommend that you encrypt
    					this using <filepath>/usr/sbin/euca-lictool</filepath>.</entry>
    			</row>
    			<row>
    				<entry>user-auth-method</entry>
    				<entry>The LDAP/AD authentication method for normal users to perform Dashboard login.
    					<ul>
    						<li><varname>simple</varname>: for clear text user/password authentication.</li>
    						<li><varname>DIGEST-MD5</varname>: for SASL authentication using MD5</li>
    						<li><varname>GSSAPI</varname>: SASL authentication using Kerberos V5.</li>
    					</ul>
    					
    				</entry>
    			</row>
    			<row>
    				<entry>use-ssl</entry>
    				<entry>Specifies whether to use SSL for connecting to LDAP/AD service.</entry>
    			</row>
    			<row>
    				<entry>ignore-ssl-cert-validation</entry>
    				<entry>Specifies whether to ignore self-signed SSL certs. This is useful when you only have self-signed SSL certs for your LDAP/AD services.</entry>
    			</row>
    			<row>
    				<entry>krb5-conf</entry>
    				<entry>The file path for krb5.conf, if you use GSSAPI authentication method. </entry>
    			</row>
    		</tbody>
    	</tgroup>
    </table>
  	

  </refbody>
</reference>