<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="quota_eval">
	<title>Quota Evaluation</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<draft-comment>Streamline the structure of this section to fit concepts/tasks.</draft-comment>
 	<p>Quota statements and general permission statements are evaluated separately. A request has to pass both checks in order to get the final access to the resource.</p>
 	<p>Eucalyptus uses the following logic for evaluating quotas:</p>
 	<ol>
 		<li>If the request user is system administrator (that is, any user in the <uicontrol>eucalyptus</uicontrol> account), access
 			is granted.</li>
 		<li>Collect quota statements at all levels (user, group, and account) and match the request by checking the Principal, the Action/NotAction, and the Resource/NotResource elements of the statements. This process is similar to general permission statement matching.</li>
 		<li>Collect all quota keys from the matching statements. For each quota key, if there are multiple values from different statements, choose the smallest value.</li>
 		<li>Evaluate each quota key and compare with the picked value. If any one of quota keys evaluates a value larger than its picked value in step 3, access is DENIED. Otherwise, access is GRANTED.</li>
 	</ol>

 </conbody>
</concept>
