<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="reporting_concepts">
 <title>Reporting Overview</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Eucalyptus lets you generate reports to monitor cloud resource use. Each type of report is
 		for a specified time range. Eucalyptus supports the following report types. ou can
 		generate reports for instances, volume, elastic IP, and compute.</p>
 	
 	<ul>
 		<li><b>Instances:</b> Provides utilization within an instance. You may see CPU spiking,
 			reconsider the VM type. Health of the instance and how it's being utilized. Shows a count and duration of instances running, sorted by image size, as well as I/O net and disk, during the date range specified. If desired, the report can be displayed on a per-user, per-account, per-cluster or per-availability zone basis.  Once filtered, reports can be grouped using the same criteria as filters. For example, you might display the results by user, and then group the results so that they are displayed based on accounts, e.g. each user in account A is shown followed by each user in account B, etc.</li>
 		<li><b>Volume: Tells you how many volumes in use, the size of each, and number of days in use.
 			Use for capacity, billing, who uses what. </b> </li>
 		<li><b>Elastic IP:</b>  Lifeccyle of EIP in your cloud. For billing by EIP. Which user is using
 			which IPs, which are in use, how often does some allocate an IP and for how long.</li>
 		<li><b>Capacity:</b> Do a cloud capacity report: how much storage, IP, etc. available to
 		determine how many resources are available in your cloud.</li>
 		<li>S3: Same as IPs: we know when an object is created, deleted, how many objects a user has
 			within a bucket. Empty buckets aren't reported. <!--No gets and puts on objects yet.--></li>
 		<li>Snapshots: Same as IPs: when created, deleted. Help you determine how many snapshots you
 			have.</li>
 		<!--<li><b>Storage:</b>Shows GB of storage used (max and GB-days) for volumes and snapshots during the date range specified. Display filters and grouping are the same as for instances.</li>
 			<li><b>Walrus:</b> Shows maximum buckets and objects used through Walrus during the date range specified. Display filters and grouping are available on a per-user or per-account basis.</li>-->
 	</ul>
 	
 	<p>You can generate reports in either CSV or HTML formats for use with external tools.</p>
 	
 	<p>If you want to use the CLC for your reports, see <xref href="reporting_tasks_clc.dita"/>.</p>
 	<p>If you want to use the data warehouse for your reports, see <xref
 		href="setting_up_dw.dita"/>.</p>
 	
<!-- 
	
	DW: to remove data from DB ensuring you have enough disk space to operate the CLC.
	
	Two configurables with Reporting:
	
	- euca-describe-properties
	 - reporting_default_poll_interval_mins: collects data at this time interval
	 - reporting_default_write_interval_mins: writes what it has collected during that period. to limit amount of DB transactions 
	Disk Time: Hours, within a polling period of the lifetime of the instance. need larger storage based on these metrics. read: checking data, write: writing to disk 
	
	

-->
 </conbody>
</concept>
