<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="storage_walrus">
 <title>Walrus</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>storage
				<indexterm>Walrus</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
 <conbody>
 	<section>
 		<p>Currently, Walrus requires a POSIX filesystem to store buckets and objects. It uses the filesystem at <filepath>$EUCALYPTUS/var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits</filepath> and creates a directory per bucket and each object is stored as a single file within that bucket directory.</p>
 		<title>How is the Backing Store Used</title>

 		<p>Bucket directories are named exactly as the bucket itself, so bukkits/bucket01 is the directory for the 'bucket01' bucket, as expected. However, object files do not retain their name on the filesystem for several reasons and are instead stored as files which have a random hash as the name. This prevents name conflicts due to object versioning and allows the system to handle object names which are not valid POSIX filenames (as the S3 API allows '/' in object names, for example).</p>
 		
 		<p>The number of buckets in a single Walrus installation is limited by the number of
				subdirectories allowed by the filesystem. For ext3 that number is 32,000 and for
				ext4 it is 64,000. Other filesystems can be used to back Walrus, but our testing and
				validation has focused on ext4 primarily.</p>
 		
 		<p>Walrus does not utilize the filesystem for storing metadata, that is all persisted in the database managed by the Cloud Controller (CLC). Therefore, Walrus does not require extended metadata support from the filesystem itself.</p>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>High Availability</title>
 		
 		<p>To provide high-availability, Walrus leverages DRBD to replicate the backing block storage
				device at the block level. This was chosen for several reasons, one of which is that
				it handles replication such that once the block device reports a write is complete
				the system can be sure that it has been written to disk on both hosts and is not
				simply in a memory buffer somewhere awaiting a lazy write. One of the key issues
				with distributed and/or shared filesystems as a replication mechanism is that they
				typically heavily utilize caching to boost performance at the cost of data
				consistency in the case of unexpected failures. Walrus uses a local filesystem on
				top of a replicated block device to ensure that completed writes are truly completed
				on both hosts.</p>
 		
 		<p>Walrus uses DRBD for a single volume replicated using replication Protocol C (synchronous
				replication) in an active-passive configuration. Like all of Eucalyptus's HA
				components, one Walrus node is ENABLED and one is DISABLED and only the ENABLED node
				services user requests. The ENABLED Walrus has a DRBD device mounted to the
				filesystem at $EUCALYPTUS/var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits and acts as primary role. On
				the disabled Walrus node the DRBD device is not mounted in the filesystem and is the
				secondary role in DRBD terms. </p>
			<p>If the disabled Walrus node becomes enabled it becomes primary on the DRBD volume and
				mounts it in the filesystem. In the event of a node failure or network disconnect,
				DRBD will automatically promote the secondary device to the primary role on the
				DISABLED Walrus node. The DISABLED Walrus itself will become ENABLED if the
				currently ENABLED Walrus drops out of the system for any reason. Walrus will ensure
				that its DRBD device is in the primary role and is mounted on the local filesystem
				prior to changing to ENABLED mode to guarantee that it can service requests and that
				data remains available.</p>
 		
 		<p>Walrus does not configure DRBD itself, but expects the administrator to have configured a
				DRBD device, volume, and resource and specifies that device and resource to Walrus
				via the walrus.blockdevice=&lt;device> and walrus.resourcename=&lt;drbd resource,
				i.e. r0> properties. Those properties are set using euca-modify-property -p
				&lt;propertyname>=&lt;propertyvalue> and can be displayed using
				euca-describe-properties.</p>
 	</section>
 			
 			<section>
 				<title>Walrus and the Database</title>
 				
 				
 				<p>Walrus uses a database to manage metadata for buckets and objects as well as ACLs and
				policies. Walrus has its own database, which is currently co-hosted by the Cloud
				Controller (CLC) with all of the other databases that Eucalyptus uses.</p>
 				
 				<p>Walrus, like all Eucalyptus components written in Java, utilizes database HA via a
				replicating JDBC connection and other database synchronization mechanisms to ensure
				that its database is replicated and synchronized across both HA CLC hosts.</p>
 			</section>
 			

 </conbody>
</concept>
