<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ts_logs">
	<title>Log Files</title>
	<shortdesc></shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>troubleshooting
					<indexterm>log files</indexterm>
				</indexterm></keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>Usually when an issue arises in Eucalyptus, you can find information that points to the nature
			of the problem either in the Eucalyptus log files or in the system log files. By
			default, the Eucalyptus log files are stored in
				<filepath>/var/log/eucalyptus/</filepath> on each machine that hosts a Eucalyptus
			component. If Eucalyptus is installed somewhere other than the filesystem root
				(<filepath>/</filepath>), log files are stored in
				<filepath>$EUCALYPTUS/var/log/eucalyptus/</filepath>. </p>
		<p>Here are the relevant logs for each component:</p>
		<section>
			<title>Cloud controller (CLC), Walrus, Storage controller (SC), and VMware Broker</title>
			<ul>
				<li><filepath>cloud-output.log</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>euca_imager.log</filepath></li>
			</ul>
			<p>These components also include specialized developer log files. These are 
				not relevant to troubleshooting a production system, and are not affected by
				any log level settings. These logs include the following:</p>
			<ul>
				<li><filepath>cloud-debug.log</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>cloud-error.log</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>cloud-exhaust.log</filepath><!-- contains extra database logs --></li>
				<li><filepath>cloud-extreme.log</filepath><!-- contains verbose logs  --></li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Cluster controller (CC)</title>
			<ul>
				<li><filepath>cc.log</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>axis2c.log</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>httpd-cc_error_log</filepath></li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Node controller (NC)</title>
			<ul>
				<li><filepath>nc.log</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>axis2c.log</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>httpd-nc_error_log</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>euca_test_nc.log</filepath></li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>System Logs</title>
			<p>You might also find helpful information about the nature of an issue in the system
				logs. In particular, the following logs may be relevant:</p>
			<ul>
				<li><filepath>/var/log/messages</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>/var/log/libvirt/</filepath></li>
				<li><filepath>/var/log/xen/</filepath></li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Configuring Logging</title>
			<p>For the cluster controller and the node controller, log level is configured using the <codeph>LOGLEVEL</codeph> parameter in <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath>. This parameter will be picked up dynamically when the value is changed in the config file, without requiring a restart of the component.</p>
			<p>For all other components, the log level can be configured by passing an appropriate <codeph>--log-level</codeph> argument in the init script. It can also be dynamically changed using <codeph>euca-modify-property</codeph> to set an appropriate value for <codeph>cloud.euca_log_level</codeph>. This takes precedence over the value specified in the init script.</p>
<p>Valid log levels are as follows, from most to least verbose:</p>
<ul>
<li>ALL</li>
<li>EXTREME</li>
<li>TRACE</li>
<li>DEBUG</li>
<li>INFO</li>
<li>WARN</li>
<li>ERROR</li>
<li>FATAL</li>
<li>OFF</li>
</ul>
<p>If no value is specified, the default <codeph>INFO</codeph> is used.</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Log Format</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus logs now have a standard format, which varies slightly per log level.</p>
			<p>For log levels FATAL, ERROR, WARN and INFO:</p>
			<codeblock>YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS LEVEL | message </codeblock>
			<p>For log levels DEBUG and TRACE:</p>
			<codeblock>YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS LEVEL PROCESS:THREAD loggingMethodOrClass     | message </codeblock>
			<p>For log level EXTREME and ALL:</p>
			<codeblock>YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS LEVEL PROCESS:THREAD loggingMethodOrClass   FILENAME:LineNumber | message </codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Fault Logs</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus includes fault logs for easy identification of conditions outside of Eucalyptus's control that may cause it to fail. These messages are logged per component, and each fault is logged only once per component, in <filepath>/var/log/eucalyptus/[component]-fault.log</filepath>. The messages include a suggested resolution, and can be customized. Where they have been translated, Eucalyptus will use the system-configured <codeph>LOCALE</codeph> variable to serve appropriate messages.</p>
			<p>Fault messages are based on XML-formatted templates, stored in a per-locale directory structure, with one file per fault message, and one file storing common strings. Default templates are shipped with Eucalyptus. These are stored in <filepath>/usr/share/eucalyptus/faults/</filepath> as follows:</p>
<codeblock>/usr/share/eucalyptus/faults/en_US/0001.xml
...
/usr/share/eucalyptus/faults/en_US/1234.xml
/usr/share/eucalyptus/faults/en_US/common.xml
</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Customizing Fault Logs</title>
		<p>To use your own customized messages, copy the message files to the appropriate directory
				under <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/faults/</filepath> and edit them. Do not change the
				filenames. To test the fault template, run <codeph>euca-generate-fault</codeph>,
				providing the component name, fault ID, and any relevant parameters along with their
				values.</p>
			<codeblock>euca-generate-fault -c component_name fault_id [param] [value]</codeblock>
		<p>For example</p>	
			<codeblock>euca-generate-fault -c broker 1008 daemon ntpd</codeblock>
		<p>The test fault should be logged in the appropriate component fault log (in this case, <filepath>/var/log/eucalyptus/broker-fault.log</filepath></p>
		<p>Eucalyptus uses customized messages where they are available, preferring a non-localized custom message over a localized default message. Localized messages 
			should be in a per-locale directory under <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/faults/</filepath>, with a directory name that matches the system LOCALE. If no LOCALE
		    is set, Eucalyptus defaults to <codeph>en_US</codeph>.</p>

	</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
