<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ts_multipathing">
	<title>Troubleshooting Multipathing</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>troubleshooting <indexterm>multipathing </indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<note importance="high"> FEATURE PREVIEW: The multipathing feature is not yet complete, and
			may change or be removed from future releases. It is included in this release so that
			users can try it out and provide feedback. </note>
		<p> The Eucalyptus EMC VNX Multipathing feature requires the following to function properly: </p>
		<ul>
			<li>Properly installed and configured Linux Device Mapper Multipathing software on both
				the Storage Controller and Node Controller hosts.</li>
			<li>Correctly configured iSCSI path system property and related STORAGE_INTERFACES
				parameters in the “eucalyptus.conf” configuration file for both SC and NC. </li>
		</ul>

		<dl>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Prerequisites for Troubleshooting Typical Multipathing Failures</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Before you start diagnosing the problems with multipathing, make sure you set
						the proper logging level on both SC and NC machines, so that you can get
						detailed failure logs. To do that: </p>
					<ul>
						<li>Set the “cloud.euca_log_level” system property to “DEBUG”</li>
						<li>Uncomment the “LOGLEVEL=DEBUG” entry in the “eucalyptus.conf” file on
							the NC, and then restart the NC service</li>
					</ul>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>General Troubleshooting Techniques for Multipathing Failures</dt>
				<dd>
					<p> The following are general tips to help diagnose multipathing problems: </p>
					<ul>
						<li>Make sure you turn on the DEBUG log level for both SC and NC so that you
							can get detailed information from the logs.</li>
						<li> Eucalyptus calls some external Perl scripts to perform the actual iSCSI
							connect/disconnect operations. These scripts are: <ul>
								<li>/usr/share/eucalyptus/connect_iscsitarget.pl</li>
								<li>/usr/share/eucalyptus/disconnect_iscsitarget.pl</li>
								<li>/usr/share/eucalyptus/get_iscsitarget.pl</li>
							</ul>
							<p>The STDERR output of these scripts is logged; you can add debug code
								to print information to STDERR to see what happens during connection
								or disconnection operations.</p>
						</li>
						<li> The <cmdname>iscsiadm</cmdname> open-iscsi initiator command line tool
							can help you get the current status of all the iSCSI connections in the
							system. For example: <p>
								<codeph>iscsiadm -m session -P 3</codeph>
							</p>
						</li>
						<li> Use the multipath command line tool to see multipathing status. For
							example: <p>
								<codeph>multipath -ll -v 3</codeph>
							</p>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>Cannot attach volumes</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>This can occur for a number of reasons. To diagnose this, try some of the
						following:</p>
					<ul>
						<li> Make sure you can attach a volume without using multipathing.</li>
						<li>Check your SAN-related system properties to see if you have set the
							correct values. </li>
						<li>Use a single path for the NC; for example, set
							“PARTITION.storage.ncpaths” to something like “192.168.25.182”. If you
							specify an iface in your path, like “iface0:192.168.25.182”, also make
							sure you have “iface0” defined with “STORAGE_INTERFACES” in
							“eucalyptus.conf” configuration file on the NC. </li>
						<li> If you have no problem attaching a volume with a single path, the
							failure may be due to the incorrect state of the Linux device mapper
							multipathing tool. Check if the “multipathd” service is running on the
							NC hosts and if “/etc/multipath.conf” is installed and configured
							properly (for example, copy the example configuration provided by
							Eucalyptus). Remember to set “user_friendly_names” to “yes” in
							“/etc/multipath.conf”. You can try restarting “multipathd” and/or
							reloading “/etc/multipath.conf” if you changed it previously. Run
							“multipath -ll” on NC host and see if it returns reasonable output
							without any error. </li>
						<li> Check that the “PARTITION.storage.ncpaths” configuration file entries
							are correct. A typo can cause volume attach failures. </li>
						<li> Make sure that the networking configuration is correct for the NC
							hosts. If you set the paths without specific ifaces, check to see if you
							can connect to each IP in the path using default network interface;
							otherwise, check each path’s connectivity using a specific network
							interface.</li>
						<li>Check network connectivity with all of the configured paths.</li>
						<li> Check the “nc.log” log file for the string “connect_iscsitarget”.
							Examine the return results, especially the “stderr” output. </li>
					</ul>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Not all paths are connected</dt>
				<dd>
					<p> Sometimes when you run “multipath -ll” on NC hosts after attaching a volume,
						you find that the multipath device does not have all of the paths connected.
						In this case, the problem could be due to one of the following:</p>
					<ul>
						<li> There is a mistake in the paths in one of the
							“PARTITION.storage.ncpaths” entries. If one of the paths specified in
							the system property is wrong, then it is possible that the specific path
							can not be connected. Make sure you have all the paths specified
							correctly. </li>
						<li> The missing paths are not valid networking paths, or have networking
							issues. For example, when you ignore the iface part of a path, are you
							sure that the destination of the path (the IP part of the path) can be
							connected via the default network interface? Or if you specified the
							iface, are you sure you defined the iface in the “eucalyptus.conf”
							configuration file, and that the destination can be connected with the
							specified network interface? </li>
						<li> If the paths specified are all valid, but some of them do not have
							connectivity, try to ping each of the specified paths on the NC hosts to
							check for connectivity. If there are connectivity issues, contact your
							network administrator. </li>
					</ul>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Snapshotting failed</dt>
				<dd>
					<p> The Eucalyptus Storage Controller needs to attach a volume on the machine it
						runs so it can upload to Walrus during an EC2 snapshot call. To help ensure
						maximum reliability for snapshotting, you should use multipathing for the SC
						host; this is configured with the “PARTITION.storage.scpaths” system
						property. When multipathing is enabled for the SC, if you see a snapshot
						failure, it may be caused by multipathing. Techniques for diagnosing SC
						multipathing failures is similar to those used for NC multipathing failures.
						In the case of SC multipathing failures, the logs are in
						“/var/log/eucalyptus/cloud-*.log”, not “nc.log”, since the iSCSI connect
						scripts are invoked by Java code.</p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
		</dl>
	</conbody>
</concept>
