<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="ts_system">
 <title>Network Information</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>When you have to troubleshoot, it's important to understand the elements of the network on your
 	system. Here are some ideas for finding out information about your network:</p>
 	<ul>
 <li>It is also important to understand the elements of the network on your system. For
 	example, you might want to list bridges to see which devices are enslaved by the
 	bridge. To do this, use the <codeph>brctl</codeph> command.</li>
 	
 	<li>You might also want to list network
 	devices and evaluate existing configurations. To do this, use these
 	commands: <codeph>ip</codeph>, <codeph>ifconfig</codeph>, and <codeph>route</codeph>.</li>
 	
 	<li>If you are running Eucalyptus in Managed networking mode, you can also use
 		<codeph>vconfig</codeph> to evaluate VLAN configuration.</li>
 	
 	<li>You can get further information if you use the <cmdname>euca-describe</cmdname> commands with
 		the <codeph>verbose</codeph> options. For example,
 		<cmdname>euca-describe-instances verbose</cmdname> returns all
 	instances running by all users on the system. Other describe commands are:
 	<ul>
 		<li><codeph>euca-describe-volumes verbose</codeph></li>
 		<li><codeph>euca-describe-snapshots verbose</codeph></li>
 		<li><codeph>euca-describe-groups verbose</codeph></li>
 		<li><codeph>euca-describe-keypairs verbose</codeph></li>
 			<!--<li><codeph>euca-describe-instances verbose</codeph></li>-->
 	</ul>
 		
 	</li></ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
