<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="user_rename">
    <title>Modify a User</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>Modifying a user is similar to a "move" operation. Whoever wants to modify a user must
        		have permission to do it on both sides of the move. That is, you need permission to remove
        		the user from the current path or name, and put that user in the new path or name.</p>
        	
        	<p>For example, if a user changes from
        		one team in a company to another, you can change the user's path from
        		<filepath>/team_abc/</filepath> to <filepath>/team_efg/</filepath>. You need
        		permission to remove the user from <filepath>/team_abc/</filepath>. You also need
        		permission to put the user into <filepath>/team_efg/</filepath>. This means you need
        		permission to call UpdateUser on both <filepath>arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/team_abc/*</filepath> and
        		<filepath>arn:aws:iam::123456789012:user/team_efg/*</filepath>. </p>
        </context>
        
    </taskbody>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="user_rename_cli">
		<title>Using the CLI</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>To rename a user using the CLI:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command to rename a user:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-usermod -u &lt;user_name> --new-user-name &lt;new_name></codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>Eucalyptus does not return a message.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupmod -u &lt;user_name> -p &lt;new_path></codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>Eucalyptus does not return a message.</stepresult>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="user_rename_db">
		<title>Using the Dashboard</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>To rename a user using the Dashboard:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Users</uicontrol> in the Quick Links section.</cmd>
					<stepresult>The <uicontrol>Users</uicontrol> page displays.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>ID</uicontrol> of the user you want to rename.</cmd>
					<stepresult>The user's <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol> area displays.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field, enter the new name of the user.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<result>The new user name displays in the <uicontrol>Users</uicontrol> page.</result>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
