<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_55g_dlg_zd">
 <title>Hypervisor Agnostic</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus is designed to easily work with several available hypervisors. As of this writing,
   Eucalyptus IaaS offically supports the KVM hypervisor running on Redhat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 6
   and CentOS 6 operating systems. Additionally, Eucalyptus offers a subscription plug-in that
   enables support for proprietary VMware ESX/ESXi hypervisor in versions 4.0, 4.1 and 5.0.  The Xen
   hypervisor will work, but has not been fully quality tested by Eucalyptus.  Eucalyptus does not
   support two different hypervisors in the same cloud. </p>
  <note>Eucalyptus knows that if you happen to run different hypervisors in different clusters in
   the same cloud, you must carefully choose images that will run on multiple hypervisors. There are
   differences when running on Xen versus KVM for example.  It can work, but Eucalyptus does not
   test, recommend, or support it in production. </note>
  <p>Access to, and management of, hypervisors is controlled by the Eucalyptus software. The
   underlying hypervisor is abstracted from the user, so they do not have to know which hypervisor
   platform is in use at any given time. This reduces the need to understand the vCenter Server
   utility, or command-line utilities like the <cmdname>vicfg-*</cmdname>, <cmdname>xm</cmdname>,
    <cmdname>virsh</cmdname>, <cmdname>virt-install</cmdname>, or others.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
