<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="using_block_storage">
 <title>Using Persistent Storage</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p><draft-comment>Delineate the two types of instances--maybe earlier in the Using Instances section.</draft-comment></p>
 	<p>Eucalyptus offers block-level storage that you can attach to a running instance. These block
 	volumes persist autonomously from the running life of an instance. After you attach a block volume to an instance, you can use it like any other physical hard drive.</p>
 	<p>Block storage devices offer quicker instance start-ups, storage persistence after the instance
 	is terminated, and larger storage.</p>
 	
 	<p>durable, block-level storage volume that you can attach to a single Amazon EC2 running instance. Amazon EBS volumes behave like raw, unformatted, external block devices you can attach. They persist independently from the running life of an Amazon EC2 instance. After an Amazon EBS volume is attached to an instance, you can use it like any other physical hard drive.</p>
 	<p>Everytime you launch an instance from an AMI, a root storage device is created for that instance. The root storage device is created either from a template stored in Amazon S3 or from an Amazon EBS snapshot and contains all the information necessary to boot the instance. The template on Amazon S3 is copied onto the instance store when the instance is launched. All Amazon AMIs are categorized as either backed by Amazon EC2 instance store or backed by Amazon EBS, depending on where the root device information is stored. There are significant differences between the instances launched from these two types of AMIs. These differences determine the design and the architecture of your applications. For more information, see Root Device Storage.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
