<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" [
]>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2004, v.4002-->
<concept id="ComstarOverview" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Comstar overview</title>
    <shortdesc>The Comstar User and Attendant's Guide is designed to help you use your telephone's
        features to your best advantage.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <section><title>Terms you'll need to know</title><p>The following terms will help you
                understand some of the instructions in this guide.</p><dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Attendant</dt>
                    <dd>A receptionist or other person responsible for answering incoming
                        calls.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Dialpad</dt>
                    <dd>The numbered keys on your telephone, including the # and *.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Function buttons</dt>
                    <dd>The buttons or keys on your telephone that allow you to press a single
                        button to make conference calls, program your telephone, use the
                        speakerphone, and others.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Handset</dt>
                    <dd>The telephone receiver that you use to listen and speak.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Intercom calls</dt>
                    <dd>The calls you make to other telephones inside your organization.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Line buttons</dt>
                    <dd>The buttons you use to select the outside line you want to use to make a
                        call.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Line lamps</dt>
                    <dd>The small lights next to the line buttons on your telephone.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Speakerphone</dt>
                    <dd>A built-in feature of your telephone that lets you speak and hear a
                        conversation without using the handset. The following telephones have a
                        built-in speakerphone: 16-button, 30-button, and 42-button.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Station</dt>
                    <dd>An individual telephone set.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Station buttons</dt>
                    <dd>The buttons you use to select other extensions in the system.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Switchhook</dt>
                    <dd>On the single-line telephone, the button in the handset cradle.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>64-button DSS/BLF</dt>
                    <dd>The 64-button accessory that contains 60 telephone line buttons and lamps
                        and four function buttons. DSS/BLF stands for Direct Station select/Busy
                        Lamp Field.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl></section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002322?>
