<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_qwq_bfd_jf">
 <title>Default Security Group</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Each account, not each user, is given a <i>default</i> security group. For example, if there
   were five accounts in your cloud there would be five security groups named <i>default</i>. Unless
   directed to do otherwise, all instances launched by users in an account are assigned to the
   account's <i>default</i> security group. </p>
  <p>Initially all security groups deny ingress (inbound) network traffic from all sources. Users
   can open access to specific ports and protocols from specific networks or open access to other
   security groups.</p>
  <p>Users can create and use their own security groups. All user-created security groups are listed
   with the user's account as the owner.  However, only the user that created the security group can
   modify or delete the security group, which maintains the security of security groups.  </p>
  <p>If a user has created a new security group, they can run an instance in that security group
   from the command line using the following
   command:<codeblock>euca-run-instances -g &lt;group_name></codeblock></p>
  <p>Running this command without the <cmdname>-g &lt;group_name></cmdname> option will run the
   instance in the <i>default</i> security group. </p>
  <p>Users can also specific a specific security group when launching an instance using the
   Eucalyptus User Console.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
