<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_f5s_dfp_zd">
 <title>Network Modes</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus cloud networking supports four network modes.  The four modes include:<ul
    id="ul_gy5_hxj_1h">
    <li>SYSTEM (default)</li>
    <li>STATIC</li>
    <li>MANAGED</li>
    <li>MANAGED-NOVLAN</li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>SYSTEM and STATIC modes are very similar, the main difference being the location of the DHCP
      server that provides IP addresses to instances as they boot up. MANAGED and MANAGED-NOVLAN are
      very similar, the main difference being support for placing groups of instances in separate
      VLANs for additional network security.</p>
  <p>The network mode is configured by modifying the VNET_MODE parameter
        <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file on the Cluster Controller and Node
      Controller hosts.</p>
  <p>The choice of network mode depends on two factors:<ul id="ul_3jq_txj_1h">
    <li>Which Eucalyptus network features do you require or desire?</li>
    <li>How much control do you have over the underlying physical network?</li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>Security groups, elastic IP addresses, and VLAN network isolation are only available in certain
   network modes.   If you require or desire one or more of these features then you would have to
   configure the network mode that supports these features.   For example, MANAGED mode supports all
   three of these features.</p>
  <p>In MANAGED mode, Eucalyptus will automatically create and destroy VLANs, as needed, when
      instances are launched and terminated in different security groups. This means that certain
      segments of the underlying physical network infrastructure should not already have VLANs
      configured as this could interfere with normal Eucalyptus operation. If this is not possible
      to configure, then MANAGED mode should not be used.  More detail about VLAN configuration is
      provided in a later section of this training module.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
