<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_wyf_f2m_1h">
 <title>Infrastructure Host Software Requirements</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus components require physical hosts. Installing Eucalyptus components on virtual
   machines is not supported.</p>
  <p>Eucalyptus software is officially supported on two Linux distributions. These include:<ul
    id="ul_sxz_j2m_1h">
    <li>CentOS 6</li>
    <li>RHEL 6</li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>To install and configure Eucalyptus on these operating systems you will need to have root or
   sudo access.  You must also have Secure Shell (SSH) access to the hosts running Eucalyptus.  SSH
   is used, for example, during the process of registering components with the Cloud Controller or
   the Cluster Controller.  It is also important to ensure that time is synchronized across the
   hosts running Eucalyptus components.  Synchronized time ensures that the Eucalyptus components
   can properly authenticate  to each other and also helps in the event that you might need to
   troubleshoot an issue by viewing log files across hosts.  Using Network Time Protocol (NTP)
   software for time synchronization is recommended.</p>
  <p>While it is usually possible to use Xen and KVM with any of the supported distributions, the
   level of effort necessary, and the quality of the resulting platform for different
   distribution-hypervisor combinations varies. Before choosing an open source hypervisor and a
   Linux distribution, we recommend that you consider the level of support that the community
   reports for a specific combination. Eucalyptus officially supports the KVM for CentOS 6 and RHEL
   6. If you install Eucalyptus from packages on CentOS or RHEL 6, KVM will be automatically
   installed on the Node Controllers. </p>
  <p>For those installing Eucalyptus IaaS Subscription, the add-on software provides support for
   VMware ESX/ESXi 4.0, 4.1, or 5.0 hosts. You may connect the VMware Broker to each individual ESX
   or ESXi host, or optionally connect to a vCenter Server 4.0, 4.1, or 5.0 host that manages a
   collection of ESX or ESXi hosts. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
