<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="install_node_controller">
	<title>Installing a Node Controller</title>
	<shortdesc>To install a standalone Node Controller, follow the instructions
		below. It's strongly recommended that you install any Node Controllers
		before you install the Frontend.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>To install a Node Controller:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Boot the target system from the Eucalyptus Faststart media.
					Wait for the boot screen to load. When the boot screen
					loads, select "Install CentOS 6 with Eucalyptus Node Controller".</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>You may be asked to check the media, to ensure that there
					are no data issues. You may check the media, or you may Skip
					to move on to the next step. You will then be asked to
					select language and keyboard options. (Note that Faststart
					instructions are currently available in English only.)</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, you will be asked for network information.  For Network
					Interface, select your ethernet interface (usually eth0).
                                        For Mode, Static is recommended; DHCP will work in many cases, but
					if DHCP leases change, your Eucalyptus cloud will no longer
					be functional.  Also enter IP address, Netmask, Default Gateway,
					and a comma-delimited list of DNS servers.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, you will be asked to select timezone, and after that
					you will be asked to enter the root password for the
					system.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, you will be asked for disk install options. The Node
					Controller is intended to be the primary application on the
					system; by default, it will take up all disk space on the
					system. Experienced Linux admins can set up a separate
					partition for Eucalyptus here.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>At this point, the Node Controller installation will begin.
					When this process is completed, you will be prompted to
					reboot the system.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>After reboot, login as the root user, and the post-install
					configuration will begin. Accept the defaults for NTP
					configuration, networking mode, and network interface.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>The installation of your Node Controller is now complete. You
			may now install other Node Controllers; when you've installed all
			Node Controllers, you may move on to install the Eucalyptus
			Frontend.</result>
	</taskbody>
</task>
