<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="generating_reports_concept">
 <title>Generating Reports</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus tracks resource usage and generates reports based on criteria you choose:</p>
 	
 	<ul>
 		<li>Instance number</li>
 		<li>Instance types</li>
 		<li>Instance running times</li>
 		<li>Network IO usage per instance</li>
 		<li>Disk IO usage per instance</li>
 		<li>S3 Storage (maximum amount and GB-Hours)</li>
 		<li>EBS storage (maximum amount and GB-Hours)</li>
 	</ul>
 	
 <p>	Reports are broken down by any criterion you choose. For example, you could generate a report of S3 Storage, broken down by user, or by availability zone, or by any criterion you choose. As follows:</p>
 	<draft-comment>Need image.</draft-comment>
 	
 	<!--[INSERT IMAGE HERE OF FLAT REPORT]-->
 	
 	<p>Additionally, you can generate nested reports. Nested reports have two criteria selected, whereby usage is broken down by one criterion, then broken down further by a second criterion. The result is a nested report. For example, you could generate a report of EBS storage usage, broken down by Availability Zone, and further broken down by user. As follows:</p>
 	
 	<draft-comment>Need image.</draft-comment>
 	
 	<!--[INSERT IMAGE HERE OF NESTED REPORT]-->
 	
 	<p>Eucalyptus is constantly sampling resource usage of instances, S3, and EBS, and storing this historical information for subsequent report generation. Eucalyptus...</p>
 	
 	<p>Because Eucalyptus uses statistical sampling to generate its results, usage times are not always exact. For example, you could start an instance in between sampling periods, then let the instance run for exactly one sampling period (20 minutes by default), then destroy that instance. In this case, Eucalyptus can’t determine how much of the resource usage occurred in each of the two periods, and so assigns usage to specific periods based upon a rule. The total usage will be correct but the times can be off slightly. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
