<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="access_initial_setup">
	<title>Use Case: Create an Administrator</title>
	<shortdesc>This use case details tasks for creating an administrator. These
		tasks require that you have your account credentials for sending
		requests to Eucalyptus using the command line interface (CLI)
		tools.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus create administrator</keyword>
				<indexterm>access <indexterm>use case</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<taskbody>
		<context>
<p>To create an administrator account, perform the tasks that follows.</p>
		</context>

	</taskbody>
	
	<task id="setup_create_admin_group">
		<title>Create an Admin Group</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Eucalyptus recommends using account credentials as little as
					possible. You can avoid using account credentials by
					creating a group of users with administrative privileges.
				</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Create a group called
							<userinput>administrators</userinput>.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupcreate -g administrators</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the group was created.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-grouplistbypath</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>
						<p>Eucalyptus returns a listing of the groups that have
							been created, as in the following example.</p>
						<codeblock>arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/administrators</codeblock>
					</stepresult>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="setup_group_pol">
		<title>Add a Policy to the Group</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Add a policy to the administrators group that allows its
					members to perform all actions in Eucalyptus.</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command to create a policy called
							<codeph>admin-root</codeph> that grants all actions
						on all resources to all users in the administrators
						group:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupaddpolicy -p admin-root -g administrators -e Allow -a "*" -r "*" -o</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="setup_admin_user">
		<title>Create an Administrative User</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Create a user for day-to-day administrative work and add that
					user to the administrators group.</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> admin tools and Euca2ools
						commands need configuration from <filepath>~/.euca</filepath>. If the directory does
						not yet exist, create it:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>mkdir ~/.euca</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Create an administrative user, for example <userinput>alice</userinput> and
						create it along with an access key:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-usercreate -wd DOMAIN USER >~/.euca/FILE.ini</codeblock>
						<p>where:<ul>
								<li><codeph>-w</codeph> means output access keys and region
									information in a euca2ools.ini type configuration file.</li>
								<li><codeph>-d DOMAIN</codeph> is the DNS domain to use for region
									information in configuration file output (default: based on IAM
									URL).</li>
								<li><codeph>USER</codeph> is the name of the new admin user:
									alice.</li>
								<li><codeph>FILE</codeph> can be anything; we recommend a
									descriptive name that includes the user's name; for example,
										<filepath>alice.ini</filepath>.</li>
							</ul></p>
					</info>
					<stepxmp>
						<codeblock>euare-usercreate -wd DNS_DOMAIN alice >~/.euca/alice.ini</codeblock>
					</stepxmp>
					<stepresult>
						<p>This creates a user admin file with a region name that matches that of
							your cloud's DNS domain.</p>
					</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Add the new admin user to the administrators group.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupadduser -u alice administrators</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>To list the new user's access keys:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-userlistkeys --region alice@DNS_DOMAIN</codeblock>
						<p>For more information on how to configure the default region and default users for a region,
							see <xref
								href="../shared/euca2ools_config_file_sections_global.dita#euca2ools-working-with-config-files.global-section"
							/> and <xref
								href="../shared/euca2ools_config_file_sections_region.dita#euca2ools-working-with-config-files.region-section"
							/> in the <xref href="../euca2ools-guide/index.dita#welcome">Euca2ools Guide</xref>.</p>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>

</task>
