<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="access_create_acct">
	
	<title>Account Creation</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes the process for creating an account using the command line tool.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus account creation</keyword>
				<keyword>create account Eucalyptus</keyword>
				<indexterm>account <indexterm>create</indexterm></indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>You must be a cloud administrator to use this command. Accounts created are available for immediate access.</p>
		<p>To create an account, run the following command:</p>
		<codeblock>euare-accountcreate -a <varname>account_name</varname></codeblock>
		<p>When an account is created by <codeph>euare-accountcreate</codeph> command, 
			an "admin" user is created by default.
			<note importance="high">Note the following security considerations of the "admin" user 
				when an account is initially created:
				<ul>
					<li>When an account is created, the "admin" user is created without a password.</li>
					<li>The "admin" user does not have the ability to log in through the Eucalyptus Management 
						Console without a login profile being set.</li>
					<li>There are no password complexity requirements applied to passwords created for users (admin/generic).</li>
				</ul>
			</note> 
		</p>
		
		<note>Eucalyptus has discontinued account registration status retrieval, however, for
			compatibility with older versions of Eucalyptus, the ability to view and manipulate
			registration status is limited to the system administrator through Euca2ools. For more 
			information about the command line tools, see the <xref
				href="../euca2ools-guide/index.dita">Euca2ools Reference Guide</xref>. </note>
	
		
	</conbody>
	
	<!--<related-links>
		<link></link>
	</related-links>-->
</concept>
