<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="integrating_ldap">
	<title>LDAP/AD Integration</title>
	<shortdesc>You can use the Eucalyptus LDAP/Active Directory (AD) integration to synchronize
		existing LDAP/AD user and group information with Eucalyptus.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>

		<p> When you enable LDAP/AD synchronization, Eucalyptus imports specified user and group
			information from LDAP or AD and maps them into a predefined two-tier account/group/user
			structure</p>
		<p>Note that Eucalyptus only imports the identities and some related information. Any
			Eucalyptus-specific attributes are still managed from Eucalyptus. These include:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>User credentials: secret access keys and X.509 certificates.</li>
			<li>Policies: IAM policies and quotas. Policies are associated with identities within
				Eucalyptus, and stored in internal database.</li>
		</ul>
		<p>Also note that special identities, including system administrators and account
			administrators, are created in Eucalyptus and not imported from LDAP/AD. Only normal user
			identities are imported.</p>

		<note type="important">If you integrate LDAP/AD, you do not need to create IAM user login
			profiles for your users. The "admin" user has the ability to change the passwords of 
			other users in the account through <codeph>euare-user(add|mod)loginprofile</codeph>. <p>This only
					applies if LDAP/AD integration is not enabled. If LDAP/AD integration is
					enabled, the only passwords that can be changed are users not associated
					with LDAP/AD. These users are as follows:</p><ul>
						<li><b>The "admin" user of accounts</b>. The password can be changed by
							the "admin" user or the cloud administrator (i.e. users in
							"eucalyptus" account)</li>
						<li><b>The users in the "eucalyptus" account</b>. The password can be
							changed by users in the "eucalyptus" account</li></ul></note>

	</conbody>
</concept>
