<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="roles_tasks_assume_role_application">
    <title>Assume a Role</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>A role is assigned a specific set of tasks and permissions. Users may assume a
            different role than the one they have in order to perform a different set of tasks. For
            example, the primary administrator is unavailable and the backup administrator is asked
            to assume the role of the primary administrator during his or her absence. <p>A few
                points to consider before assuming a role: <ul>
                    <li>A role must first be set up by an administrator.</li>
                    <li>You must log in as an IAM user, not as an account root user.</li>
                    <li>Once you assume another role, you temporarily give up your existing user
                        permissions and assume the permissions of your new role.</li>
                    <li>When you are no longer assuming another role, your usual user permissions
                        are automatically restored.</li>
                </ul></p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
    <task id="role_assume_create_role">
        <title>Create Role</title>
        <shortdesc>The scenario described in this section outlines the procedure for creating a role in order to delegate permissions to an IAM user.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p>Create a role that allows users of an account to manage keypairs. Management of keypairs include the following EC2 actions:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>CreateKeyPair</li>
                    <li>DeleteKeyPair</li>
                    <li>DescribeKeyPairs</li>
                    <li>ImportKeyPair</li>
                </ul>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Create role for managing keypairs for the account. In this example, the admin user of 'devops' account (001827830003) is creating the role:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock># cat devops-role-trustpolicy.json
{
 "Version": "2012-10-17",
 "Statement": [{
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Principal": {"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::001827830003:root"},
 "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
 }]
}

# euare-rolecreate -f devops-role-trustpolicy.json devops-ec2-keypair-mgmt-role --region devops-admin@future
</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Add IAM access policy for keypair management to the role:</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock># cat keypair-mgmt-policy.json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "Stmt1445362739663",
      "Action": [
        "ec2:CreateKeyPair",
        "ec2:DeleteKeyPair",
        "ec2:DescribeKeyPairs",
        "ec2:ImportKeyPair"
      ],
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}

# euare-roleuploadpolicy --policy-name ec2-keypair-actions --policy-document keypair-mgmt-policy.json devops-ec2-keypair-mgmt-role --region devops-admin@future
</codeblock></info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Now that the role has been created, users under the account have access to assume the role. 
                        For example, 'user01' user under the 'devops' account will assume the role, then list all keypairs under the account:</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock># eval `/usr/bin/euare-assumerole devops-ec2-keypair-mgmt-role --region devops-user01@future`
# euca-describe-keypairs --region @future
KEYPAIR	devops-admin	9e:1a:bc:ac:98:b1:97:7c:65:b0:b3:7c:96:f5:d5:7b:a1:3e:36:a6</codeblock></info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>When done assuming the role, the role must be released using <codeph>euare-releaserole</codeph>:</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock># eval `/usr/bin/euare-releaserole --region devops-user01@future`
</codeblock></info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <postreq>For information about Euca2ools IAM commands, see <xref
                href="../euca2ools-guide/eiam.dita"/>.</postreq>
                </taskbody>
            </task>
        </task>