<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="taskId">
    <title>Install Faststart from DVD</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            	<p>The Faststart DVD is a single DVD.  From this one DVD, you can install and configure the various Eucalyptus 
		components in different configurations, depending on the option chosen at boot time.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
        	<step>
			<cmd>Make sure the Faststart DVD is in the DVD drive and boot the computer from the DVD drive.</cmd>
		</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Wait for the Eucalyptus boot screen to appear, and then select the appropriate option:</cmd>
			<substeps>
				<substep><cmd>Choose <uicontrol>Cloud-in-a-Box</uicontrol> if you want your entire Eucalyptus 
				cloud installed on this single system.</cmd></substep>
				<substep><cmd>Choose <uicontrol>Node Controller</uicontrol> if you want to set up Eucalyptus 
				across multiple physical systems.  Node Contollers should be configured first.</cmd></substep>
				<substep><cmd>Choose <uicontrol>Frontend</uicontrol> if you want to set up Eucalyptus across multiple 
				physical systems and you've already installed all of your Node Controllers.</cmd></substep>
			</substeps>
        	</step>
        	
        	<step>
			<cmd>You may safely accept all defaults, except for the network interface configuration. At the page
        		where you set your hostname, click the <uicontrol>Configure Network</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
        		<stepresult>The Network Connections window displays.</stepresult>
        		</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>In the Network Connections window, select the network interface and click <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        		<stepresult>The <uicontrol>Editing System</uicontrol> window for the connection displays.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>In the Editing System window, click <uicontrol>Connect automatically</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>IPv4 Settings</uicontrol> tab and do the following:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<!-- David K says this should be Manual...Manual is the default. Scot M tested with
        				Automatic.
        				<substep>
        				<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Method</uicontrol> drop-down, select <uicontrol>Automatic</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>-->
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Address</uicontrol> area, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> and
        					fill in the machine's IP address, netmask, and gateway.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>In the <uicontrol>DNS servers</uicontrol> field, enter a URL for a DNS server (for example, 8.8.8.8).</cmd>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        <step>
        	<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> and finish with the installation.</cmd>
        </step>
        <step>
        	<cmd>Repeat on each machine you will use for FastStart.</cmd>
        </step>	
        
        </steps>
    	<postreq>Now that FastStart has been installed on all systems, you are ready to configure your systems.  For a multi-system
	install, proceed to <xref href="faststart_configure_nc.dita">Node Controller Configuration</xref> (after which you will 
	configure the Frontend).  For a cloud-in-a-box install, proceed to <xref href="faststart_configure_ciab.dita">Cloud-in-a-Box 
	Configuration</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
