<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="faststart_install_frontend">
    <title>Install the Frontend Components</title>
    <shortdesc>In FastStart, all Eucalyptus components other than the Node Controller are installed
    	on one machine. This machine is known as the Frontend. The Frontend is the entry point to the
    	cloud for both administrators and users.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To install the Frontend components:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>On the machine you plan to use as the Frontend, mount the Eucalyptus FastStart media and run fastinstall.sh.</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>mkdir /media/usb; mount -t vfat /dev/sdb1 /media/usb; cd /media/usb; ./fastinstall.sh</codeblock>
	                <note type="tip">In this example, we assume that the Fast Start media appears as <cmdname>/dev/sdb1</cmdname>. Please replace with the actual device name (check the output of <cmdname>dmesg</cmdname>).</note>
             	</info>
           </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt for the front-end server, answer Y to the first question.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>Will this be the front-end server in your cloud? [Y|n]Y</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt to check for a network connection, enter <userinput>Y</userinput>.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>A network connection is recommended to download any extra packages and to
        				configure ntp.
Is it OK to check that connection now? [Y|n]Y</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>FastStart updates needed OS packages, and installs and configures the Frontend.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt enter the name of machine's public and private ethernet devices. The default is
        			<userinput>em1</userinput> and you can use the same device for both public and private.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>We need to confirm the name of the ethernet device. Often, it's em1 or eth0.
The public ethernet interface [em1]:
The private ethernet interface (can be the same as public) [em1]:</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt for the dedicated subnet, enter the subnet address you will use for the Frontend.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt for the subnet netmask, enter the netmask you will use for the Frontend's subnet.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt for the range of IPs, enter a range of available IP addresses that
        			Eucalyptus can choose from to assign to virtual machine instances. Use a hyphen to separate the lower and upper range (for example,192.168.9.212-192.168.9.229).</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>The configuration process will initialize the database, start and register the
        			Eucalyptus component services, and then wait for the CLC to start.
        			During this process you are asked to provide the root password for the machine running
        			the Node Controller.</cmd>
        		<info>
<codeblock>Wed May 2 09:38:59 PDT 2012- Initializing Database.....Ready to 
register node controllers. Once they are installed, enter their IP addresses here,
one by one (ENTER when done) 
Node IP: 192.168.9.211
The authenticity of host 192.168.9.211 (192.168.9.211) can't be established.
RSA key fingerprint is 84:34:b4:49:1e:54:40:c3:80:7d:b1:d4:0d:93:0a:32. Are you 
sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no)? yes
root@192.168.9.211's password: 
INFO: We expect all nodes to have eucalyptus installed in $EUCALYPTUS for key 
synchronization. Trying rsync to sync keys with 192.168.9.211...done</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt, enter the IP address of each machine running a Node Controller. Press ENTER when you are done.</cmd>
        		<stepresult>When the installation process is finished, the machine will reboot automatically.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>After the reboot, configure the Eucalyptus Dashboard:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Open a web browser and go to <filepath>https://&lt;your_frontend_IP_address>:8443/</filepath></cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Login as admin with the password admin.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Enter a new admin password, your email address, and the server IP address.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>The installation is now complete.</result>
    	<postreq>
    		<note type="tip">Normally, you would download a credentials file and use it to configure the
    			client tools. As part of the FastStart process, credentials are downloaded and pre-installed on an image for you. To get these credentials,copy <filepath>/root/credentials.zip</filepath> from the Frontend server.</note>
    	</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
