<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">

<concept id="index">
	<title>Welcome</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>Welcome to the FastStart Guide. This guide provides instructions for installing
			Eucalyptus in two different configurations:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>Cloud-in-a-box: a Eucalyptus cloud with all components on a single machine</li>
			<li>Frontend and Node Controllers: a Eucalyptus cloud with all Frontend components on a
				single system, and one or more Node Controllers on separate machines</li>
		</ul>
		<note importance="high">Faststart is intended for smaller deployments. For larger Eucalyptus
			deployments that require separation of components, please consult the <xref
				href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/3.2/ig/">Eucalyptus Installation Guide</xref>. </note>
		<section>
			<title>Overview</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus consists of the following components:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>Cloud Controller (CLC): this component provides EC2 functionality</li>
				<li>Walrus: this component provides S3 functionality</li>
				<li>Cluster Controller (CC): this component provides management service for a
					cluster in your cloud</li>
				<li>Storage Controller (SC): this component provides EBS functionality</li>
				<li>Node Controller (NC): this component controls virtual machine instances</li>
			</ul>
			<p>In the Frontend+NC configuration, the CLC, Walrus, CC, and SC are installed on one
				machine, called the Frontend. The NC is installed on another machine, called the
				Node. In this configuration you can have one Frontend and one or more Nodes.</p>
			<p>In the Cloud-in-a-box configuration, all components are installed on one machine.</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Hardware Requirements</title>
			<p>Before installing FastStart in the Cloud-in-a-box configuration, make sure you have a
				machine with:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>a minimum of 200GB of disk space</li>
				<li>a minimum of 4GB of memory</li>
				<li>at least one ethernet NIC</li>
			</ul>
			<p>Before installing FastStart in the Frontend+NC configuration, make sure you have at
				least two machines with:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>a minimum of 100GB of disk space</li>
				<li>a minimum of 4GB of memory</li>
				<li>at least one ethernet NIC</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Network Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>You must have access to the internet.</li>
				<li>You must be able to assign static IP addresses within your network.</li>
				<li>You must set aside a static IP address for each physical system.</li>
				<li>You must set aside a range of available public IP addresses. Eucalyptus will
					assign these to VM instances.</li>
				<li>You must set aside a large range of available private IP addresses. These will
					be used by a virtual subnet. They can not overlap or contain any part of a
					physical network IP address space. Note: Eucalyptus will set aside, by default,
					the subnet 172.16.0.0 unless you choose to set different values.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>A sample set of IP addresses might go as follows:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>192.168.1.98 for the Frontend system</li>
				<li>192.168.1.99 for the first Node Controller</li>
				<li>192.168.1.100 for the second Node Controller</li>
				<li>192.168.1.101-192.168.1.149 for the public IP address range</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Software Requirements</title>
			<p>You must have access to the <b>Eucalyptus FastStart ISO</b>. You can get the
				FastStart ISO from <xref href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/download/faststart"
					scope="external" format="html"
					>http://www.eucalyptus.com/download/faststart</xref>. You should then burn this
				ISO to a DVD. This DVD will be used for installation on all physical machines in
				your cloud.</p>
			<note>You can also install FastStart from a USB drive. See <xref href="faststart_from_usb.dita">Preparing a FastStart USB Installation</xref> for more information.</note>
		</section>


	</conbody>
</concept>
