<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="install_cloud_in_a_box">
	<title>Installing Cloud-in-a-Box</title>
	<shortdesc>The simplest way to install Eucalyptus is to install
		Cloud-in-a-Box. It is also the least like an actual cloud, but it's a
		great way to learn the basics about how Eucalyptus works. All components
		are installed in a single system, and most of the configuration is
		handled automatically.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>To install Cloud-in-a-Box:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Boot the target system from the Eucalyptus Faststart media.
					Wait for the boot screen to load. When the boot screen
					loads, select "Install Cloud-in-a-Box"</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>You may be asked to check the media, to ensure that there
					are no data issues. You may check the media, or you may Skip
					to move on to the next step. You will then be asked to
					select language and keyboard options. (Note that Faststart
					instructions are currently available in English only.)</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, you will be asked for network information. Static
					networking is recommended; DHCP will work in many cases, but
					if DHCP leases change, your Eucalyptus cloud will no longer
					be functional.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, you will be asked to select timezone, and after that
					you will be asked to enter the root password for the
					system.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, you will be asked for cloud configuration options.
					Most are defaults that you should not touch unless you are
					an experienced Eucalyptus administrator; see the
					Administration Guide for details. The one parameter you must
					enter here is the range of public IP addresses. New virtual
					instances created by Eucalyptus will receive IP addresses
					from within this specified range. Enter the lower and higher
					range of available public IP addresses, a dash between them
					(e.g.: 192.168.1.200-192.168.1.240).</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, you will be asked for disk install options.
					Eucalyptus is intended to be the primary application on the
					system; by default, it will take up all disk space on the
					system. Experienced Linux admins can set up a separate
					partition for Eucalyptus here.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>At this point, the Eucalyptus installation will begin.
					Software will be installed, and a default Eucalyptus machine
					image (EMI) will be built. When this process is completed,
					you will be prompted to reboot the system.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>When the system reboots, you will be prompted for a series
					of questions during the firstboot process. You will be asked
					to accept the license, create a non-root login, and turn on
					NTP.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>The installation is now complete. You may ascertain that your
			cloud is running by clicking on the the web browser links from the
			Desktop.</result>
		<postreq>
			<note type="tip">Normally, you would download a credentials file and
				use it to configure the client tools. As part of the Faststart
				process, credentials are downloaded and pre-installed for you.
				These credentials, are available in
					<filepath>/root/credentials.zip</filepath> on your
				Cloud-in-a-Box system.</note>
		</postreq>
	</taskbody>
</task>
