<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="install_frontend">
    <title>Installing the Frontend</title>
    <shortdesc>To install a Frontend on a separate system, follow the instructions
	below.  It's strongly recommended that you install any Node Controllers (NCs)
	before you install the Frontend.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To install the Frontend:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
        	<step>
            		<cmd>Boot the target system from the Eucalyptus Faststart media.  Wait
			for the boot screen to load.  When the boot screen loads, select 
			"Install Frontend"</cmd>
           	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>You may be asked to check the media, to ensure that there are no
			data issues.  You may check the media, or you may Skip to move on to the next step.
			You will then be asked to select language and keyboard options.  (Note that 
			Faststart instructions are currently available in English only.)</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>Next, you will be asked for network information.  Static networking is
			recommended; DHCP will work in many cases, but if DHCP leases change, your
			Eucalyptus cloud will no longer be functional.</cmd>
        	</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>Next, you will be asked to select timezone, and after that you will be
			asked to enter the root password for the system.</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>Next, you will be asked for cloud configuration options.  Most are defaults
			that you should not touch unless you are an experienced Eucalyptus administrator; 
			see the Administration Guide for details.  The one parameter you must enter here
			is the range of public IP addresses.  New virtual instances created by Eucalyptus
			will receive IP addresses from within this specified range.  Enter the lower and higher 
			range of available public IP addresses, a dash between them 
			(e.g.: 192.168.1.200-192.168.1.240).</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>Next, you will be asked for disk install options. Eucalyptus is intended to be
			the primary application on the system; by default, it will take up all disk space
			on the system.  Experienced Linux admins can set up a separate partition for Eucalyptus
			here.</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>At this point, the Eucalyptus installation will begin.  Software will be installed,
			and a default Eucalyptus machine image (EMI) will be built.  When this process is 
			completed, you will be prompted to reboot the system.</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>When the system reboots, you will be prompted to accept the license for this
			installation.</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>You will now be asked to enter the IP addresses of the Node Controllers that 
			you've previously configured.  Enter the IP addresses, separated by spaces, for each
			NC that you'd like to control with your Eucalyptus frontend.</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>You will now be asked to create a non-root login, and turn on NTP.  Note that NTP is
			required for Eucalyptus to function properly.</cmd>
		</step>
	</steps>
    	<result>The installation is now complete. You may ascertain that your cloud is running by clicking on the
		the web browser links from the Desktop.</result>
    	<postreq>
    		<note type="tip">Normally, you would download a credentials file and use it to configure the
    		client tools. As part of the Faststart process, credentials are downloaded and pre-installed 
		for you. These credentials are available in <filepath>/root/credentials.zip</filepath> on your
		Frontend system.</note>
    	</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
