<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="fs_requirements">
 <title>Welcome</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Welcome to the FastStart Guide. This guide provides instructions for installing
 		Eucalyptus on two machines, though you have the option to add more
 		machines.</p>
 	<section>
 		<title>Overview</title>
 		<p>Eucalyptus consists of the following components:</p>
 		<ul>
 			<li>Cloud Controller (CLC): this component provides EC2 functionality</li>
 			<li>Walrus: this component provides S3 functionality</li>
 			<li>Cluster Controller (CC): this component provides management service for a cluster in your
 				cloud</li>
 			<li>Storage Controller (SC): this component provides EBS functionality</li>
 			<li>Node Controller (NC): this component controls virtual machine instances</li>
 		</ul>
 		<p>In FastStart, the CLC, Walrus, CC, and SC are installed on one machine. This machine is called
 			the Frontend. The NC is installed on another machine, called the Node. In FastStart you can have
 		one Frontend and one or more Nodes.</p>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Hardware Requirements</title>
 		<p>Before installing FastStart, make sure you have at least two machines. Each machine must
 		have:</p>
 		<ul>
 			<li>a minimum of 100GB of disk space</li>
 			<li>a minimum of 4GB of memory</li>
 			<li>one NIC per machine</li>
 			<li>a common network switch</li>
 		</ul>

 		
 		<p>Test that each machine allows SSH login and that root access is available (sudo is okay).</p>
 		<!--<table>
 			<tgroup cols="4">
 				<thead>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Host</entry>
 						<entry>Eucalyptus Components</entry>
 						<entry>Minimum Disk Space</entry>
 						<entry>Minimum Memory</entry>
 					</row>
 				</thead>
 				<tbody>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Frontend</entry>
 						<entry>CLC, Walrus, CC, SC</entry>
 						<entry>100GB</entry>
 						<entry>4GB</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Node</entry>
 						<entry>NC</entry>
 						<entry>100GB</entry>
 						<entry>4GB</entry>
 					</row>
 				</tbody>
 			</tgroup>
 		</table>-->
 		
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Network Requirements</title>
 		<ul>
 		<li>You must have access to a DHCP server.</li>
 			<li>You must have internet access.</li>
 		<li>You must have range of available public IP addresses. These will be assigned to VM instances.</li>
 		<li>You must have large range of available private IP addresses. These will be used by a virtual
 			subnet. They can't overlap or contain any part of a physical network IP address space.</li>
 		</ul>
 	</section>
 
 <section>
 	<title>Software Requirements</title>
 	<p>You must have access to the following:</p>
 	<ul>
 		<li><b>CentOS 6.3 install CD:</b> You can get an image on one of the mirrors at <xref
 			href="http://isoredirect.centos.org/centos/6.3/isos/x86_64/" scope="external" format="html">http://isoredirect.centos.org/centos/6.3/isos/x86_64/</xref>.</li>
 		<li><b>Eucalyptus FastStart media:</b> You can get Faststart at <xref
 			href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/download/faststart" scope="external" format="html">http://www.eucalyptus.com/download/faststart</xref></li>
 	</ul>
 </section>
 
 </conbody>
</concept>
