<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_qpm_jvj_vf">
 <title>EC2 ERN Examples</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The format of Eucalyptus EC2 ERNs is different from AWS EC2 ERNs.  The Eucalyptus EC2 ERN
      format includes extensions that provide more granularity than AWS.  This granularity is useful
      to provide more fine-grained resource control in access control policies.  AWS only supports
      the wild card "*" character in AWS IAM access control policy statements. This means that in
      Amazon IAM you cannot constrain users to specific resources.  Eucalyptus IAM, on the other
      hand, extends resource ERNs to include specific resources. </p>
    <p>The pattern for an EC2 ERN looks like this:</p>
  <p>
      <i>arn</i>:<i>aws</i>:<i>ec2</i>::&lt;<i>account_ID</i>&gt;:&lt;<i>resource_type</i>&gt;/&lt;<i>resource_ID</i>&gt; </p>
  <note>Note the double <b>::</b> between <i>ec2</i> and &lt;<i>account_ID</i>>.  This is the blank
        <i>region</i> field because the Eucalyptus private cloud does not use regions like the AWS
      public cloud.</note>
    <note> An account ID is optional, but can be used to limit resource access to particular
      accounts. If an Account ID is not provided, the pattern would have a triple <b>:::</b> between
        <i>ec2</i> and &lt;<i>resource_type</i>>.</note>
  <p>Examples:<ul id="ul_wwt_wvj_vf">
    <li>arn:aws:ec2:::vmtype/m1.small</li>
    <li>arn:aws:ec2::marketing:image/emi-af45e531 </li>
   </ul></p>
    <p>The first example describes the vmtype named <i>m1.small</i>.   The second example describes
      a specific EMI.   Notice also that the second example refers to a specific account as well,
      the <i>marketing</i> account.  Including a specific account name in an EC2 ERN might be useful
      if this ERN were included in an access control policy statement.   It could be used to limit
      access to the resource to users in a specific account.   </p>
    <p>In these two examples, two types of EC2 resources were described, a <i>vmtype</i> resource
      and an <i>image</i> resource.   Other resource types may also be described.  Eucalyptus
      supports the following EC2 resource types:<ul id="ul_sjb_jwj_vf">
        <li>image</li>
        <li>securitygroup</li>
        <li>address</li>
        <li>availabilityzone</li>
        <li>instance</li>
        <li>keypair</li>
        <li>volume</li>
        <li>snapshot</li>
        <li>vmtype</li>
      </ul><note>For the address resource type, either a single IP address or an IP address range
        (for example: 192.168.7.1-192.168.7.254) is supported.</note></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
