<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_qnx_l4k_vf">
 <title>User Policies</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The<cmdname> euare-useraddpolicy</cmdname> command builds a policy statement and adds it to a
   user. It has the following
   syntax:<codeblock>euare-useraddpolicy –u &lt;user_name&gt; -p &lt;policy_name&gt; \ 
     -e [Allow|Deny|Limit] –a &lt;actions&gt;  -r &lt;resources&gt; -o  </codeblock>It
   can only be run by a user with administrative privilege on the account.  (There is no
    <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option for this command.)  For example, the following
   command:<codeblock>euare-groupaddpolicy –u steve -e Allow -a "*" -r "*" -p allowall –o</codeblock>
   ...would allow the user steve to perform any action on any resource.   The quotes around the
   wild card characters are required.  </p>
  <p>
      <note>Notice that there is also a <cmdname>Limit</cmdname> argument for the
          <cmdname>–e</cmdname> option.  A <cmdname>Limit</cmdname> argument is used in quota
        policies rather than permission policies. </note>
    </p>
  <p>Policies can also be uploaded from an external file using the following
      command:<codeblock>euare-useruploadpolicy –u user_name –p policy_name –f policy_file.txt \ 
     --delegate=account_name</codeblock>The
        <cmdname>euare-userlistpolicies</cmdname> command lists the names of a policies associated
      with a user. It has the following
      syntax:<codeblock>euare-userlistpolicies –u &lt;user_name&gt; &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;  </codeblock></p>
  <p>This command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
        <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the eucalyptus account (a cloud
      administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, it would display the polices associated
      with the user in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option.  While not
      shown above, the content of the policy would also be displayed if the <cmdname>–v</cmdname>
      option was included. </p>
  <p>There are additional options to limit the number of policies displayed on the screen and to
   paginate the display results.  For more information, see the online help page for the command.  </p>
  <p>The <cmdname>euare-usergetpolicy</cmdname> command displays the contents of a single named
   policy associated with the named user, but has no pagination options. It has the following
   syntax:<codeblock>euare-usergetpolicy –u &lt;user_name&gt;   \
     -p &lt;policy_name&gt; &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;  </codeblock>This
   command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
    <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the eucalyptus account (a cloud
   administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, it would display the polices associated with
   the user in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option.</p>
  <p>The <cmdname>euare-userdelpolicy</cmdname> command deletes the named policy from the named
   user. It has the following
   syntax:<codeblock>euare-userdelpolicy –u &lt;user_name&gt;   \
     -p &lt;policy_name&gt; &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;  </codeblock>This
   command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
    <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the eucalyptus account (a cloud
   administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, it would delete the polices associated with
   the user in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
