<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="ggr">
  <title>Glossary</title>
	
  <glossentry id="ddl">
    <glossterm>Data Definition Language</glossterm>
    <glossdef>A language used for defining databases . . .</glossdef>
  </glossentry>

<glossentry id="above">
	<glossterm>above</glossterm>
    <glossdef>Use only for physical space or screen descriptions, e.g., "the outlet above the floor," or "the foo button above the bar pane."
    	<p>For orientation within a document use previous, preceding, or earlier.</p>
    </glossdef>
</glossentry>
	
<glossentry>    
<glossterm>acronyms</glossterm>
	<glossdef>A word formed from the initial letters of other words </glossdef>
<glossBody>
    <glossUsage>Spell uncommon terms out at first use. For example: Department of Homeland Security (DHS)

    <p>Common acronyms (such as SOAP, RSA, WWW) don't need spelling out.</p>

    <p>Don't use an apostrophe to make an acronym plural. That is, use ASPs, not ASP's.
action</p>

    <p>Capitalize as shown. Depending on the product, this can also be an operation or a function. Use the same term consistently within each product. </p></glossUsage></glossBody></glossentry>

<!--address

Use to refer to a physical street address, email, or an IP address. Don't use to refer to other Internet addresses, such as URLs.-->
	
affect vs. effect

    An affect is an influence; an effect is a result. If you affect the outcome, you modify it. If you effect the outcome, you cause it.
alarm

    Use exclusively to refer to formal alarming features, such as Amazon CloudWatch provides.
allow

    Use exclusively to refer to permissions. See the AWS Glossary.
AM

    Ante Meridian. Caps, no periods. Use only if absolutely necessary for times in local time zones between midnight and noon. For all other purposes, use UTC times.

    Note that midnight and noon are on the meridians and are neither AM nor PM.
Ampersand (&)

    In body text, use exclusively when quoting a reference or resource that requires the symbol. For example: AT&T.

    Don't use to shorten any phrase that has the word "and" in it.
Amazon Web Services

    All in caps, all the time. Use "AWS" only after first defining the acronym and when using "Amazon Web Services" seems like overuse. Do not use the capitalized form to refer to more than one of our AWS products. See also web service below.
Amazon Web Services account

    Used to describe what developers need in order to use the free web services or sign up for other web services. 
Amazon Web Services website

    Used to describe all of the web properties under http://aws.amazon.com.

    Example: See the Amazon Web Services website, http://aws.amazon.com External link mark, for the complete licensing restrictions.
American vs. British and other English dialects

    There are a number of differences in spelling and grammar between American and other English dialects. Our formal, world-wide publications use American style. If a publication is written specifically for distribution to a local market, the stylistic rules of that market apply. That is, if an email is targeted at South Africa, use the spelling and grammar conventions of that region.

    When in doubt use the Merriam-Webster Dictionary for correct spellings. Always use the first spelling given; this is the preferred spelling in American English. 
and/or

    Although popular, the phrase is ambiguous and unnecessary in technical writing. Use either "both...and" or "either...or," as the situation requires. 
app vs. application

    Using "app" is acceptable when talking about a software application. 
appear, display, and open

    Messages and pop-up boxes appear. Windows, pages, and applications open. The verb display requires a definite object. For example: The system displays the error message. 
appendix

    In technical documentation, use the plural appendices. Use appendixes when referring to the veriform appendage in the human anatomy.
as

    As is primarily an adverb. Use it in constructions like twice as long or EBS as opposed to Amazon S3

    Don't use it as a conjuction in place of because. This is frequently ambiguous and slows the reader down to parse your meaning.
as well as

    Ambiguous. Use in addition to or and as appropriate.
AWS technical publication names

    The official names of our guides are always capitalized. In generic references, however, use lowercase.

    Examples:

        See the Amazon Mechanical Turk Developer Guide for more details.

        The Amazon Mechanical Turk Getting Started Guide is available at ... The getting started guide contains information about...

        The following information is covered in the Amazon Mechanical Turk Developer Guide. The developer guide also contains...

        The following table describes the important features of the Amazon Mechanical Turk Developer Guide.

B

backward compatible

    No S.
base64

    Standard usage for quadrosexagesimal (cool word, huh?) is the format base64. Note capitalization and spacing. There is no convention on hyphenation, so avoid it.

    Example:

    Use a base64 encoded URL. You must use base64 encoding.
below

    Use only for physical space or screen descriptions, e.g., "the outlet below the vent," or "the foo button below the bar pane."

    For orientation within a document use following or later.
below the fold

    Jargon. Don't use in technical documentation. 
beta

    Label products in beta as such. Use "(Beta)" in product titles, navigational categories, or other places where it's necessary to promote that a product is in a beta period. For example: Amazon Mechanical Turk (Beta). Placing the beta label in titles provides a first mention notation for beta products, so it is not necessary to always use the notation in content.

    See also AWS product names. 
bitmap

    One word. Refers to the BMP file format. It is widely known and understood, so just useBMP..
bits per second

    Use bps..
bold

    Use only as an adjective, such as "The characters in bold indicate..." Don't use boldface.
Boolean

    Always capitalized: a Boolean value

    Values for Booleans are true and false. These values appear in web service messages as these words, in lowercase. All references to Boolean values in AWS technical documentation should be marked <code>true</code> and <code>false</code>, with that spelling and casing, including at the beginning of sentences. Avoid using a Boolean value name at the beginning of a sentence or sentence fragment. 
bookmark

    Industry standard term for a saved link. Don't usefavorite..
bottom

    Use only as a general screen reference, such as, "scroll to the bottom of the page." Don't use for window, page, or pane references to features or controls; use lower instead. For example: "Click the button on the lower left."
box

    Use for any kind of box or entry field in the UI. Also use for dialog boxes, list boxes, etc.
browse

    Use when referring to scanning information. Don't use when describing how to navigate to a particular item on our site or a computer.

    Correct

    Navigate to the AWS Management Console.

    Incorrect

    Browse to the Amazon EC2 landing page.
build

    Only use to mean compile and link code. It is also acceptable as a noun in programming documentation. 

C

cache

    A special memory where data values are store for quick access. For example: "You might have to restart your browser to clear its cache." 
callout

    A graphical device to point out, or "call out," something in a graphic or sample for the reader.
capitalization

    This topic comes up often, which is why it's included here. Note the specific use of capitalization in the words on this list. In general, use title capitalization for heading titles. See the Microsoft Manual of Style for details. (See also Capital Crimes.)
cancel, canceled, canceling

    The spelling with two els is British in origin and, although a recognized alternative, is non-standard for American English.

    Exception: cancellation is correct. 
comma usage

    Use the serial comma in sentences that contain lists of three or more items.

    Example: "...configure, install, and test."

    For more information about comma usage see the extended comma usage guidelines. 
contractions

    Contractions such as you're, it's, can't, or don't are easier for the reader to parse and avoid confusion. These forms are preferred. For more discussion and examples, go to To Contract or not to Contract.
cooldown

    (FPS) Capitalize as shown. 
copyrights

    Don't use the copyright symbol in AWS technical publications. We note copywrites for Amazon and other companies on the copyright page. 

D

data center

    Two words. 
data type

    Two words. 
desire

    See wish. 

E

e-book, e-commerce

    Always hyphenated. See MSTP for general usage guidelines.
e.g.

    exempli gratis. Frequently confused with i.e. Use to mean for example.
email

    One word, no hyphen, no plural. <glosssee>spam</glosssee>

F

Feature Names

    See the AWS product names Wiki. 
function

    Capitalize as shown. Depending on the product, this can also be an action or an operation. Use the same term consistently within each product. 
future tense

    Use present tense; avoid needless use of future tense. It only adds to the wordiness of a sentence and is more difficult to translate. Use will for clear cases of future effect.

G

GMT

    Greenwich Mean Time (archaic). Use UTC instead. 

H

Hadoop

    Capitalize as shown. 
heading formats

    All headings use title case e.g. Error and Trace Reports (refer to the Chicago Manual of Style for detailed instructions on title case).

    Exception: See Headings Cascade for Procedural Sections for guidelines on heading styles in procedure guides.
HTTP

    Hypertext Transfer Protocol. Capitalize as shown. 
HTTPS

    Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure. Capitalize as shown. 
hyphenation

    See Hyphenating Common Prefixes and Editorial Musings

I

ID

    ID is the preferred capitalization as opposed to Id. To reduce a reader's confusion, the writer might avoid using the abbreviation ID and use instead a word equivalent, such as identity or token or identifier. Alternatively, you could use the parameter name of which Id is a part, such as MerchantId. 
i.e.

    id est. Frequently confused with e.g. Use to mean that is.
Internet

    Internet is always capitalized when referring to the world-wide TCP/IP inter-network. Describe other inter-networks, while technically internets, without using the word internet since it is confusing to readers.

K

key pair

    Two words.

L

latinisms

    Common terms that are widely known, like i.e., e.g., per, and via, are allowed. Use them correctly!

M

may

    The word may is ambiguous in English. In some contexts it means can, in others allowed to or should, and in still others might. Use one of the unambiguous terms instead.
metadata

    One word.
must/shall/should

    Must and shall refer to requirements. If the reader doesn't follow the instruction, something won't work right.

    Should is used with recommendations. If the reader doesn't follow the instruction, it might be harder or slower, but it'll work. 

N

namespace

    One word. 

O

operation

    Capitalize as shown. Depending on the product, this can also be an action or a function. Use the same term consistently within each product. 

P

parentheses

    Use parentheses (or parens for short) to add tangentially related information (such as an example or commentary) to a sentence. You can set off information that is more closely related to the topic of the sentence with commas or em-dashes.

    Punctuation: If the parentheses are within a sentence, place all punctuation (commas, periods etc.) outside the parentheses.

    If the parentheses stand alone outside any other sentence, all punctuation belongs inside the parens.
passives

    See voice. 
per

    Use in the meaning of for each, such as miles per hour. Don't use to mean quot;according to, as in according to RFC 2142.
PM

    Post Meridian. Caps, no periods. Use only if absolutely necessary for times in local time zones between noon and midnight. For all other purposes, use UTC times.

    Note that midnight and noon are on the meridians and are neither AM nor PM.
Portal

    Do not use as a reference to the Amazon Web Services website.

    See also "Amazon Web Services website". 
Product Names

    For a complete list of correct product names and abbreviations, go to the AWS product names Wiki.

    Usage Guidelines.

    Use as a proper noun and as an adjective is permitted.

    Example: "Amazon EC2's solution"

    Sentences that use the web service name as an agent, such as "EC2 manages the gummiflage on your AMI's fronhandle," are appropriate because they view the services as a system that performs functions.

    On the other hand, don't use the service name in place of Amazon Web Services. That is, use the company name (AWS) for the agent that releases code, sets pricing decisions etc. and the product name (EC2) for the agent that manages the functioning of the API.

    Use as a common noun is prohibited.

    Wrong: Your customers could see multiple Amazon S3s on their billings.

    Correct: Your customers could see multiple Amazon S3 products on their billings.

     

    Wrong:

        A non-DevPay solution

        An S3-assigned string

        Turking the business need

    Corrected examples:

        A solution that doesn't use DevPay

        A string assigned by Amazon S3

        Answering the business need with Amazon Mechanical Turk

pronouns

    Always verify the antecedents. Is it clear who is doing what? 

Q

quotation marks

    Usage.

    Use quotes for actually quoted words or phrases from other text sources. Don't use quotes to call out special, or unfamiliar, words or phrases; use italics instead.

    Punctuation.

    Follow American instead of Oxford style: Place periods and commas inside quotation marks, but place question and exclamation marks outside the quotes—unless they are a part of the quotation. 

R

release

    Describes a web service software release (e.g. a deployment) that might or might not include a version update.

    See also Version. 
referer

    Specifically for the HTTP referer. Originally misspelled in the specification, this is now the generally accepted spelling for this one case.

    Always spell as referrer for all other uses.
response group

    Capitalize as shown. 
REST

    Representational State Transfer. Always abbreviated, always capitalized. Generally used in discussions to contrast with SOAP.

    If the web service uses both query- and resource-based REST calls, keep the distinction clear using the terms REST and REST-Query. 

S

SaaS

    Capitalization as shown. See Software as a Service. 
sandbox

    Capitalize as shown. See also the Amazon FPS Sandbox feature. 
SSH

    Secure SHell. When discussing the concept or technology, the initials are capitalized. Only when discussing or using the command ssh are they written in lowercase. 
should

    Indicates a recommendation. <glosssee>must</glosssee>. 
since

    Use only to describe time events. For example: "Getting datasets into Amazon S3 is easy, ever since AWS Import/Export launched. Don't use in place of because. 
SOAP

    Simple Object Access Protocol. Always abbreviated, always capitalized. 
Software as a Service

    Capitalization as shown. Abbreviated as SaaS. 
spam

    Mass noun, no plural. For example, "How much spam do you get?" Not, "How many..."
start-up

    A fledgling business enterprise.

    Start up is a slang verb form, as in "I want to start my own business up." The word up is deleted in formal writing.

    Startup is a small town in Snohomish County.

    (source: Merriam-Webster) 
subject/pronoun number agreement

    A pronoun should always agree in number with the antecedent noun it refers to. That is, a plural noun such as customers takes the plural pronoun they; a singular noun like Internet takes the singular pronoun it. Use of they or them to refer to a singular noun of indeterminate sex should be avoided. You can usually accomplish this by changing the noun to a plural. In other cases, you can rewrite a sentence to avoid the need for a pronoun altogether.

    For details and a discussion of exceptions, see They Live. 

T

they, them, themselves

    See subject-pronoun number agreement. 
time stamp

    Two words. 
token

    Do not use to refer to AWS developer accounts. It's prehistoric and deserves to be kept in the past.
trademarks

    Don't use trademark symbols in AWS technical publications. We note trademarks for Amazon and other companies on the documentation Welcome page. 

U

user

    In most cases replace with the more direct form you. Reserve user for cases where you are referring to a third party (not the audience you are writing for).
UTC

    Universal Coordinated Time, aka Zulu time (after the Z that is often added after UTC time descriptions). Use this instead of GMT when describing times and time zones. 

V

version

    Describes a specific API version, which might or might not change with every software release. Use this term to describe the changes in an API, such as a new operation, which also refers to a new WSDL version.

    Display the API version in a product title using parenthesis. For example, Amazon E-Commerce Service (API Version 2005-12-25). 
voice

    1. Whenever possible use the active voice instead of passive. Passives are wordier and often cause the writer to obscure the details of the action. For example, change the agentless passive it is recommended to the more direct we recommend.

    For more information, go to Editorial Musings

    2. The voice and tone of AWS technical publications is direct and friendly. We speak directly to the reader as you and refer to AWS as we. The overall tone is informal, informative, and friendly without getting chatty.

W

Web vs. web

    Always use web. We do this not only to avoid confusion around capitalizing things like web service, but also to match the progressive writing styles of other technology sites (such as Wired, and BBC). Here are some related articles; note that we still capitalize Internet:

        Wired.com

        BBC 

web service

    Note capitalization. Use web services to describe more than one of the web services offered by AWS. Otherwise, where it's important to note the distinction, use AWS offerings, AWS products, or web services offered by AWS. Don't use the redundant AWS web services.

    Don't use Amazon web services as a generic term for AWS products. Amazon.com could offer other web services that are not a part of the AWS portal.

    Be sure to use web service to describe just the web service component of products that include website and other products, such as Amazon Mechanical Turk. For example: Developers use the Amazon Mechanical Turk web service to place work for others to complete on the Amazon Mechanical Turk website.. 
website

    One word, lower-case. 
while vs. although or whereas

    Restrict while to its meaning of “during an interval of time.” Don't use it as a synonym for although because it is often ambiguous. Whereas is a better alternative to although in many cases, but it can sound overly formal. 
White list, whitelisting

    Avoid whenever possible. Use the alternate terms approved or verified. Although white list has many innocent uses and has been largely sanitized, it still carries its original, highly-discriminatory meaning for some readers. 
Wiki

    Note capitalization to be consistent with the Amazon retail site.
will

    avoid needless use of future tense. It only adds to the wordiness of a sentence and is more difficult to translate. Use will for clear cases of future effect.

    Example: If you delete your account, you will lose all your stored data.
Wish/want/desire vs. need

    Wish and desire are weak versions of want; don't use them.

    Do not confuse wants with needs. Use the term that is appropriate to the situation. Need connotes a requirement or obligation; want indicates that you have an intent, but still a choice of valid actions.
</glossgroup>
