<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="ref_to_supp_info">
	<title>References to Supplementary Information</title>
	<shortdesc>Scan the document for all links and apply the following standards.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>

 	<ul>
 	<li>Don’t use "here" or "click here" to indicate a link.</li>
 	
 	<li>Search the document for "here" and replace with text that describes the target of the link.</li>
 	
 	<li>To refer to a specific topic such as widgets, use the literal phrase, "For more information about widgets, see xyz," where xyz is the link to the target that is directly related to the discussion.
 	<ul>
 		<li>When the subject of the target is unambiguous, use the phrase "For more information see xyz."
 			This reduces translation costs still further.</li>
 			
 			<li>To increase conformity and decrease translation costs, don’t invert to "See xyz for more information about widgets"</li>
 			
 			<li>Always use the word "see" for internal links.</li>
 			
 			<li>Don't replace it with "refer to," "consult," "viz." or anything else.</li>
 			
 			<li>When casually referring to a target within a sentence, use parentheses. Otherwise, make it an independent sentence.</li>
 	</ul>

 	</li>
 	
 	<li>Use the exact text of headings for internal cross-links.
 	
 	<p>Don't paraphrase. If you use the method <userinput>&lt;xref href="target.dita"/&gt;</userinput>, the correct title is automatically drawn from the target.</p></li>
 	
 	<li>If further information is related to the entire section rather than a specific point, put it in a Related Topics list.</li>
 	
 	<li>Don’t use admonitions just to add a link that doesn’t fit in a paragraph; put it in the Related Topics list.</li>
 	</ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
