<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="writing_verbose_lists">
 <title>Verbose Lists</title>
	<shortdesc>The verbose list displays a series of short, closely-related sentences together.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 
  <p>Quick guidelines:</p>
  <ul>
   <li>Always fully punctuate a verbose list.</li>
    
    <li>Don't use a list if the paragraphs are more than two or three sentences long.</li>
    
    <li>Don't use a list if the topics are only loosely connected.</li>
    
    <li>Use a table or formal paragraphs if a verbose list has more than seven items.</li>
  </ul>
 	
 	<note>Don't use this style to replace normal paragraphs on related subjects. You should change from a
 		list to paragraphs either when there are many sentences for each topic or when the parallelism
 		between the topics isn't strong. For more discussion, see the section on formal paragraphs.</note>
  
  <example>
   <title>Example Verbose List</title>
   <p>Here are some suggestions for making the best use of Amazon EC2 instances: </p>
   <ul>
    <li>Do not rely on an instance's local storage for valuable, long-term data. When instances fail, the data on the local disk is lost. Use a replication strategy across multiple instances to keep your data safe, or store your persistent data in Amazon S3, or use Amazon EBS. </li>
    <li>Define images based on the type of work they perform. For "Internet applications," you might define one image for database instances and another for web servers. Image creation and storage are cheap and easy operations, so you can individualize and customize as necessary. Specialized images can result in smaller AMI sizes, which boot considerably faster. </li>
    <li>Keep your Amazon EC2 firewall permissions as restrictive as possible. Only open up permissions that you require. Use separate groups to deal with instances that have different security requirements. Consider using additional security measures inside your instance (such as using your own firewall). </li>
   </ul>
   
  </example>
 </conbody>
 <related-links>
  <linkpool>
   <link href="writing_simple_lists.dita"/>
   <link href="writing_list_tables.dita"/>
  </linkpool>
 </related-links>
</concept>
