<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_4.0.0">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The following known issues exist in Eucalyptus 4.0.1 and its dependencies. Please contact
			Eucalyptus support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<!-- Reorder by component? -->
		<p><b>New known issues for this release:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>The <codeph>delete on terminate</codeph> checkbox on the Launch Configuration Wizard of the Eucalyptus Management Console is always enabled. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-1039"
								>GUI-1039</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The <codeph>delete on terminate</codeph> value is always be set to <codeph>True</codeph> despite the checkbox value set in the Device Mapping editor for EBS-backed images.</p>
					</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Creating an IAM policy for a user or group whose name contains a <codeph>+</codeph> character causes errors. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-1030"
							>GUI-1030</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>When adding an IAM policy, and the user or group name contains a <codeph>+</codeph> character, a 502 Bad Gateway error results. Upon returning to the previous page using the browser's back button, another error message displays on the top of the Management Console.</p>
							<p>Workaround: Use the CLI commands (e.g. <codeph>euare-useraddpolicy</codeph> or <codeph>euare-groupaddpolicy</codeph>) instead.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Setting any quota to 0 for an IAM user causes errors. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-1029"
							>GUI-1029</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>When setting quotas for a particular IAM user, entering a value of 0 causes errors. </p>
							<p>Workaround: Some users find it more useful to define a quota limit with the value 0 instead of using a 'Deny' action. Since we currently do not support using 0 as a value, use the CLI commands <codeph>ec2-deny-vmtypes</codeph> or <codeph>ec2-vmquota</codeph>) instead to enforce the policy at the account level.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>			
					<row>
						<entry>No Session Timeout notification displays after the Eucalyptus Management Console times out. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-263"
							>GUI-263</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The default timeout for the admin user is one hour, while the timeout for non-admin users is 12 hours (assuming the 30-minute idle timeout has not already been reached first). However, when either timeout is reached, clicking the dashboard or the screens in the Management Console appears to do nothing. Reloading the page or visiting another page in the application causes the page to be redirected to the login screen without notificaton that they have timed out.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>			
					<row>
						<entry>The Node Controller (NC) does not support the <codeph>cancel-bundle-task</codeph> operation. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-9351"
							>EUCA-9351</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The <codeph>cancel-bundle-task</codeph> operation has no effect on bundle tasks already under way (on both KVM and VMware), allowing the bundling process to complete and then marking it as failed/canceled. </p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry>The Broker does not support the <codeph>cancel-bundle-task</codeph> operation. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-9350"
							>EUCA-9350</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The <codeph>cancel-bundle-task</codeph> operation has no effect on bundle tasks already under way (on both KVM and VMware), allowing the bundling process to complete and then marking it as failed/canceled. </p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Multiple user-facing services nodes cause slowness on bootstrap (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-9165"
							>EUCA-9165</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>If you install multiple user-facing services nodes, you must wait for them to become enabled (during bootstrap or restart), which can take 15-20 minutes.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The default password has been removed from Eucalyptus installs to
							enhance security. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-8497"
								>EUCA-8497</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The default password for the the eucalyptus/admin user has been
							removed from Eucalyptus installs. To set a password allowing access to
							the admin/user consoles, run the following commands using your
							Eucalyptus account credentials: <p>
								<codeblock>euare-useraddloginprofile -u admin -p $PASSWORD
euare-userupdateinfo -u admin -k email -i $EMAIL							</codeblock>
							</p>
							<p>Setting the email is not required, but doing so prevents the user
								from being prompted to change the password upon first log in.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Manual cleanup of cached EMI images are required when upgrading VMWare Broker. (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-1220"
							>DOC-1220</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>After shutting down the VMware Broker, remove all the cached VM images with the name, <codeph>emi-XXXX-YYYY</codeph> before starting the upgraded Broker. For details on how to access these images and remove them, see <xref
							href="../../install-guide/upgrade.dita#upgrade"
							>Eucalyptus Upgrade or Migration</xref> in the Eucalyptus Installation Guide.</entry>
					</row>

				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		<p><b>Outstanding known issues from previous releases:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Instance Migration Fails on CentOS/RHEL 6.5 (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-8650"
							>EUCA-8650</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Instance live migration does not work with the default qemu-kvm version. <p>Workaround:
							after installing the eucalyptus-nc package (for a fresh install) or
							immediately after upgrading the cloud and the base OS to CentOS 6.5,
							downgrade the qemu-kvm and qemu-img packages by running the
							following commands on the node controllers:</p><p>
								<codeblock>yum downgrade http://vault.centos.org/6.4/os/x86_64/Packages/qemu-kvm-0.12.1.2-2.355.el6.x86_64.rpm \
  http://vault.centos.org/6.4/os/x86_64/Packages/qemu-img-0.12.1.2-2.355.el6.x86_64.rpm
service libvirtd restart</codeblock>
							</p></entry>
					</row>				
					<row>
						<entry>On Security groups landing page "More actions" button sometimes fails
							to activate in Windows7 / IE10 (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-8166"
								>EUCA-8166</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: refresh the page.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Cannot change launch config of autoscaling group from the user
							console while running Internet Explorer 10 and Windows 7 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7952"
								>EUCA-7952</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Attempting to change a launch configuration with the user console
							while running Internet Explorer 10 on Windows 7 results in the error "
							"Failed to update sclaing group. Please try again.". Workaround: use the
							Firefox or Google Chrome browser, or use the command line tools.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>EBS image registration ignores user-supplied architecture argument
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7337"
								>EUCA-7337</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>EBS image registration defaults to x86_64. The default should be
							i386. In addition, if you attempt to change the architecture explicitly,
							it's ignored and stays x86_64. The is cosmetic, as the backend ignores
							the architecture argument.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euca-describe-nodes does not return output in certain distributed
							topologies (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7039"
								>EUCA-7039</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When the CLC, CC, and NCs are distributed components,
							euca-describe-nodes returns nothing. This is an issue with the CLC.
							Workaround: see linked bug. Note: This workaround just allows you to
							figure out how many nodes are attached to running instances as an
							administrator.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Misleading error from euca_conf --configure-vmware (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-378"
								>EUCA-378</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using VMware Broker with direct connection to ESXi machine - if
							there is no virtual network created, "euca_conf --configure-vmware" will
							error out. Workaround: see linked bug.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus keeps the previous IPs in VNET_PUBLICIPS even after the
							field is modified and CC cleanrestarted. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3856"
								>EUCA-3856</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using VMware Broker with direct connection to ESXi machine - if
							there is no virtual network created, "euca_conf --configure-vmware" will
							error out. Workaround: restart the cloud controller.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Registering image after euca-bundle-instance differs for vmware.
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7847"
								>EUCA-7847</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Name of the manifest file on vmware differs from other virtualization
							types. Please check content of the backet used for bundling to find out
							correct manifest name. Generally it should be backet/prefix.manifest.xml
							for instances started from linux paravirtualized images and
							backet/prefix.raw.manifest.xml for instances started from all other
							images. For example: <p>
								<ul>
									<li>&lt;bundle_name>/&lt;prefix>.manifest.xml for
										paravirtualized instances</li>
									<li>&lt;bundle_name>/&lt;prefix>.raw.manifest.xml for all other
										instances</li>
								</ul>
							</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Volume attachments fail with EBS backed guests using ephemeral disks
							post stop/start (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7460"
								>EUCA-7460</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: see linked bug.</entry>
					</row>
					<!--<row>
						<entry>Search by owner on images landing page does not filter correctly
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7792"
								>EUCA-7792</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using the "Owner: me " filter, the search returns an empty page.
						</entry>
					</row>-->
					<row>
						<entry>euca_imager does not honour cacheDirectoryLimitMb property (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6531"
								>EUCA-6531</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The cacheDirectoryLimitMb property does not work on VMware even after
							adding it to the config and euca_imager left cache directory with all
							files after image creation.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Broker does not support some host configurations (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/BROKER-36"
								>BROKER-36</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using VMware, all hosts must either be managed by VCenter or the
							Eucalyptus VMware Broker. Mixed management of the hosts is not supported
							and will result connectivity issues with the Broker.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus cloud service JVM SIGSEGV in HA configuration (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7030"
								>EUCA-7030</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In an HA configuration, the <codeph>eucalyptus-cloud</codeph> service
							exits with a SIGSEGV fatal error after a fairly short period. When this
							occurs the current thread is always "C2 CompilerThread0" and the method
							under compilation is "java.sql.DriverManager::getDriver". A workaround
							for this issue is to add "-Xint" to CLOUD_OPTS in eucalyptus.conf to
							disable hotspot. However, please note that this workaround might have
							some performance impact.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>When LDAP/AD integration is enabled, login profiles are not enabled
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6760"
								>EUCA-6760</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When LDAP/AD integration is enabled,
								<apiname>euare-userloginprofiles</apiname> are not created. To make
							sure that users can log into the Administration Console, do the
							following: <ol>
								<li>Create a login profile using a "dummy" password:
									<codeblock>euare-useraddloginprofile --delegate account1 -u user03 -p test</codeblock>
								</li>
								<li>Check to see that the user's login profile has been created:
									<codeblock>euare-usergetloginprofile --delegate account1 -u user03
user03</codeblock>
								</li>
							</ol>
							<p>The user can now log into the Administration Console using their user
								ID and LDAP/AD password.</p>
							<note type="important">This only applies to the Administration Console.
								You do not need to creat login profiles for the User
							Console.</note>_</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Modify service does not work always (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6389"
								>EUCA-6389</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases the <codeph>euca-modify-service</codeph> command does
							not work. A subsequent retry of this command should succeed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>NC often goes to NOTREADY state during multiple instance migration
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6366"
								>EUCA-6366</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>During a multiple instance migration the user may see the source NC
							transition into NOTREADY state. There is no explicit action required.
							The NC will transition back to ENABLED and the migration will succeed.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Failure to create backing for instance migration (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6228"
								>EUCA-6228</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases the user may see a failure when attempting multiple
							instance migration. The workaround is to run the migration a second
							time, which should succeed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instances become inaccessible if CC is clean restarted during
							migration (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6232"
								>EUCA-6232</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Performing a clean-restart operation during a migration may cause
							instances to become inaccessible. It is best to avoid a clean-restart
							operation during migration. </entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry>Walrus image cache is hidden to the user (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6068"
								>EUCA-6068</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When a registered image is deleted from Walrus the cache files stay
							behind, but they are not shown when listing bucket contents. An attempt
							to delete the bucket will return a <codeph>409 BucketNotEmpty.</codeph>
							To workaround this issue de-register the deleted images and then delete
							the bucket.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Successfully started migration can be reported as failed (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6043"
								>EUCA-6043</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The user may see an error message when attempting to migrate an
							instance: <codeph>Error(MigrateInstancesType): Migrating instance
								i-820A3F02 failed because of:
								com.eucalyptus.ws.WebServicesException:
								com.eucalyptus.ws.WebServicesException: Error parsing document (line
								-1, col -1, in SOAP-message) </codeph> In spite of this error the
							migration has started and should successfully complete.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>BundleInstance always produces x86_64 images (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5979"
								>EUCA-5979</xref>,<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5980"
								>EUCA-5980</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The <codeph>euca-bundle-instance</codeph> command defaults to the
							x86_64 architecture for both the NC and VMWare Broker. In order to
							ensure the appropriate architecture the user must always supply the
								<codeph>--arch</codeph> option to <codeph>euca-register</codeph>.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Some components are initialized rather than disabled after an
							unexpected reboot (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4354"
								>EUCA-4354</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This only occurs when CLC, Walrus, and SC are located on the same
							machine in an HA setting. In an unexpected reboot within that setting,
							when the redundant components switch roles, some secondary components
							can become initialized rather than disabled. For a workaround, restart
							the initialized components. We strongly recommend that you use one
							machine for each Eucalyptus component in HA mode.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console requires upload of private key to access a Windows
							instance password (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4293"
								>EUCA-4293</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Passwords for Windows instances are encrypted for a specified key
							pair. The user console requires that you upload the appropriate private
							key to access an instance password. <b>We strongly recommend against
								using this feature without HTTPS!</b> To access the instance
							password without uploading your private key, use
								<codeph>euca-get-password [instance id] -k [keyfile]</codeph> on the
							command line.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console cannot generate new Windows password on restarting a
							stopped instance (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4291"
								>EUCA-4291</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The user console continues to display an old password after a Windows
							instance is stopped and restarted. You must log out of the user console,
							log in again, and then generate a password, in order to log in to a
							Windows instance that has been stopped and restarted.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The reporting feature in the Eucalyptus Administrator Console show no
							metrics. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4168"
								>EUCA-4168</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This occurs only if you run a report that includes the current date.
							The metrics that show no data are: <uicontrol>CpuUsage%</uicontrol>,
								<uicontrol>Net Total In/Out</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disk
								R/W</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disk IOPS R/W</uicontrol>, and
								<uicontrol>DiskTime</uicontrol>. For a workaround, use the CLI
							command, <apiname>eureport-generate-report</apiname>, to run reports
							from the Cloud Controller for a time period that includes the current
							date. You can also use the Eucalyptus Administrator Console and move the
							end date up the previous day.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>No client side reporting on exceeding maxtotalvolumesizeingb (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4030"
								>EUCA-4030</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If an EBS-backed instance is launched that is larger than the cloud
							property <codeph>maxtotalvolumesizeingb</codeph>, then there is no error
							reported back to the client. The instance is terminated. The workaround
							is to increase the following cloud properties: <ul>
								<li><codeph>storage.maxtotalvolumesizeingb</codeph></li>
								<li><codeph>storage.maxvolumesizeingb</codeph></li>
							</ul>
							<p>Once these values are increased, the instances will
							launch.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>[error:0290] message printed on upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4027"
								>EUCA-4027</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The Eucalyptus upgrade process requires a large number of file
							descriptors, and an error may occur if <codeph>ulimit</codeph> is not
							set to an appropriate value. To avoid this error, set <codeph>ulimit -n
								5000</codeph> before upgrading Eucalyptus. This error is not an
							indication of a failed upgrade.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Unable to start stopped instances after upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4026"
								>EUCA-4026</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus 3.2 manages ISCSI targets in a different way to previous
							versions. The first attempt to start any stopped instances relying on
								<codeph>iscsiadm</codeph> will fail, but the issue is resolved
							during cleanup so subsequent requests for that instance will
							work.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ERR-1009 "Mismatched cryptographical keys" gets written too many
							times in cc-fault.log (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3986"
								>EUCA-3986</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Currently, CC may log this fault once for each process in the pool.
							This is because the logic that suppresses duplicate faults relies on
							process-local memory rather than memory regions shared across CC
							processes.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Vague error message: <codeph>Failed to find corresponding class
								mapping for element: RegisterVMwareBroker in namespace</codeph>.
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3808"
								>EUCA-3808</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If you get this error message, you need to install the
								<codeph>eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs</codeph> on the
							CLC. Run <codeph>yum install
								eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs</codeph> on each CLC in
							your cloud.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Capacity report shows unordered list of VM types (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3707"
								>EUCA-3707</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When running a capacity report, the VM types are not ordered from
							smallest to largest instance type when displayed at the cloud or AZ
							property level.</entry>
					</row>
					<!--these are issues carried over...discuss-->
					<row>
						<entry>ENABLED CC have two NAT rules about 169.254.169.254 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3440"
								>EUCA-3440</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In HA Mode, ENABLED CC can get into a state where it reports both
							ENABLED and DISABLED CLC in iptables for the metadata service.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Walrus does not failover in HA if eucalyptus-cloud process is
							forcibly killed on primary (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3202"
								>EUCA-3202</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the eucalyptus-cloud process is forcibly terminated (kill -9) on
							the primary Walrus, failover to the secondary Walrus is not
							automatically triggered.</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
