<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_x1v_gfm_vf">
 <title>Eucalyptus HA Overview</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus HA provides a number of capabilities, including:<ul id="ul_cx1_jfm_vf">
    <li>A highly-available cloud service - All cloud infrastructure management components are
          redundant.   This includes all Eucalyptus components except for the Node
            Controllers.<note>Eucalyptus HA does <b>not</b> provide highly-available applications
            (instances).</note></li>
    <li>Automatic monitoring of system health, including detection of service faults - The cloud
          software automatically and continually monitors cloud services to determine whether they
          are operating correctly, or not.</li>
    <li>Automated failover of redundant services - Because the cloud services are continually
          monitored, if a service failure is detected there is an immediate failover to the
          redundant service.</li>
    <li>Administrator tools for interrogating the service health and access to service state
                              information - Not only does the software continually monitor service
                              states, but the administrator can also perform manual checks of
                              service state using the Eucalyptus Administrator Console,
                                    <cmdname>euca-describe-services</cmdname>, and
                                    <cmdname>euca-describe-arbitrators</cmdname></li>
    <li>Ability to remove individual component services from operation without disrupting service,
                              assuming services are redundant - A cloud administrator can also use
                              the Administrator Console or <cmdname>euca-modify-service</cmdname> to
                              gracefully remove services from operation in order to perform
                              maintenance on the underlying hardware or operating system. The
                              redundant server will maintain cloud operation while the maintenance
                              is performed on its partner service.</li>
    <li>Support for restoring or replacing a component service after a total-loss failure (for
          example, disk failure, host combustion) - Once maintenance has been completed on a machine
          that hosts a Eucalyptus cloud service, that machine and its cloud service can be
          reinserted back in to the cloud by a cloud administrator.</li>
   </ul></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
