<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_4vy_xjm_vf">
 <title>Eucalyptus HA Requirements</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus HA requirements are similar to a regular Eucalyptus deployment, with the following
      additional considerations: <ul id="ul_pfm_zjm_vf">
        <li>Install each pair of services on separate hosts. <ul id="ul_3cl_1km_vf">
            <li>Cloud Controller, Walrus, Cluster Controller, Storage Controller, and if applicable
              VMware Broker</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>The services must be installed on physical hosts. </li>
        <li>Service pairs must have network connectivity. </li>
        <li>Walrus hosts must mirror storage using DRBD. </li>
        <li>Storage Controller services must use a supported SAN array. <ul id="ul_n3v_bkm_vf">
            <li>No iSCSI or JBOD drivers, only NetApp or EqualLogic drivers </li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>DNS round-robin support for Cloud Controller and Walrus hosts </li>
      </ul></p>
  <p>Once the software has been installed on all hosts, you just register each service as you
            normally would.  The first registered service in a pair becomes the initial primary host
            and is ENABLED.   The second service in a pair that is registered becomes the secondary
            host and is DISABLED.  It is DISABLED because during its initial checks it becomes aware
            that an ENABLED services already is running.  </p>
  <p>You must make sure that a firewall does not block services from each other as they use a
            multicast address to exchange heartbeat packets. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
