<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_5y5_n5j_vf">
 <title>IAM and S3 ERN Examples</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The pattern for an IAM ERN looks like this:</p>
  <p>
      <i>arn</i>:<i>aws</i>:<i>iam</i>::&lt;<i>account
        id</i>&gt;:[<i>user</i>|<i>group</i>]/&lt;<i>optional path</i>&gt;/&lt;<i>user or group
        name</i>&gt; <note>Note the double <b>::</b> between <i>iam</i> and &lt;<i>account id</i>>.
        This blank field is the <i>region</i> field and is not used in Eucalyptus. It is only used
        in Amazon Web Services.</note></p>
  <p>Examples:<ul id="ul_zrh_s5j_vf">
        <li>arn:aws:iam::eucalyptus:user/steve</li>
        <li>arn:aws:iam::eng:user/*</li>
        <li>arn:aws:iam::sales:group/west/salesteam </li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>The first example above describes a user named <i>steve</i> who is a member of the
        <i>eucalyptus</i> account.   The second example describes all users in the <i>eng</i>
      account. The asterisks is known as a wildcard character.  The last example describes a group
      named <i>salesteam</i> that is in the <i>sales</i> account.   The <i>salesteam</i> group was
      create with an optional path of <i>/west</i>.   Optional paths, and the reasons for, them are
      covered later in this lesson.</p>
    <p>
      <note>The Eucalyptus Administrator Console prints account names. The command-line tools only
        display the account ID numbers.</note>
    </p>
    <p/>
    <p>The pattern for an S3 ERN looks like this:</p>
  <p><i>arn</i>:<i>aws</i>:<i>s3</i>:::&lt;<i>bucket name</i>&gt;[/&lt;<i>key
        name</i>&gt;]<note>Note the triple <b>:::</b> between <i>s3</i> and &lt;<i>bucket name</i>>.
        S3 ERNs do not specify a <i>region</i> or an <i>account_name</i>.</note> Examples:<ul
        id="ul_rd2_bvj_vf">
        <li>arn:aws:s3:::acme_bucket/emi-1234abcd</li>
        <li>arn:aws:s3:::acme_bucket/* </li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>The first example describes a specific EMI that resides in a Walrus bucket named
        <i>acme_bucket</i>.   The second example describes all data objects that reside in a Walrus
      bucket named <i>acme_bucket</i>.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
