<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_dmp_f4k_vf">
 <title>Group Policies</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The <cmdname>euare-groupaddpolicy</cmdname> command builds a policy statement and adds it to a
      group. It has the following syntax:</p>
    <p>
      <codeblock>euare-groupaddpolicy -g &lt;group_name&gt;  \
     -p &lt;policy_name&gt; -e [Allow|Deny]  \
     –a &lt;actions&gt; -r &lt;resources&gt; -o  </codeblock>
    </p>
    <p>It can only be run by a user with administrative privilege on the account - there is no
        <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option for this command.)  For example, the
      command:<codeblock>euare-groupaddpolicy -g west -e Allow -a "*" -r "*" -p allowall –o</codeblock>The
      resulting policy would allow members of the group to perform any action on any resource.  
        <note>The quotes around the wild card characters are required.</note></p>
  <p>Policies can also be uploaded from an external file using the following
      command:<codeblock>euare-groupuploadpolicy –g group_name –p policy_name –f policy_file.txt \ 
     --delegate=account_name</codeblock>The
        <cmdname>euare-grouplistpolicies</cmdname> command lists the names of policies associated
      with a group using the following
      syntax:<codeblock>euare-grouplistpolicies –g &lt;group_name&gt; \ 
     &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;  </codeblock></p>
  <p>This command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
        <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the eucalyptus account (a cloud
      administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, it would display the polices associated
      with the group in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option.  <note>The
        content of the policies would also be displayed if the <cmdname>–v</cmdname> option was
        included.</note> There are additional options to limit the number of policies displayed on
      the screen and to paginate the display results.  For more information, see the online help
      page for the command.  </p>
  <p>The <cmdname>euare-groupgetpolicy</cmdname> command displays the contents of a single named
   policy associated with the named group, but has no pagination options. It uses the following
   syntax:<codeblock>euare-groupgetpolicy –g &lt;group_name&gt;   \
     -p &lt;policy_name&gt; &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;   </codeblock></p>
  <p>This command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
    <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the eucalyptus account (a cloud
   administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, it would display the polices associated with
   the group in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option. </p>
  <p>The <cmdname>euare-groupdelpolicy</cmdname> command deletes the named policy from the named
   group. It has the following
   syntax:<codeblock>euare-groupdelpolicy –g &lt;group_name&gt;     \
     -p &lt;policy_name&gt; &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;</codeblock></p>
  <p>This command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
    <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the eucalyptus account (a cloud
   administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, it would delete the polices associated with
   the group in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
