<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_cjb_qrk_vf">
 <title>Quotas </title>
 <conbody>
    <p>There are no quota limits in a public cloud as they would be contrary to the business goals
      of the public cloud owner. A public cloud revenue stream is based on users using the cloud
      resources.  The more resources the users use, the more revenue the public cloud provider
      receives.  Also, from a individual user perspective, the public cloud resources might appear
      unlimited. A private cloud is different in that there are limits on the physical resources. 
      Because resources are more limited in the private cloud, the ability to enforce resource
      quotas on users makes more sense.  </p>
    <p>For this reason Eucalyptus extended the Amazon IAM API to include resource quotas.  The
      policy statement <i>Effect</i> was extended to include <i>Limit</i> along with the normal
      Allow and Deny keywords.  Where Limit appears as the Effect, it is a quota statement and not a
      permissions statement.  While condition blocks are optional in permission statements, they are
      required in quota statements.  However, the only condition will always be
      NumericLessThanEquals.  The condition block will include the actual quota type and settings. </p>
  <p>A quota statement also has <i>Action</i> and <i>Resource</i> fields, which are used to match
      specific requests. The actual quota type and value are specified using special quota keys
      listed in the condition. Only the condition type NumericLessThanEquals can be used with quota
      keys.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
