<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="euca_default_limits">
 <title>Eucalyptus Default Limits</title>
 <shortdesc>This section provides defaults used for known limitations and restrictions 
  associated with Eucalyptus features, services, and accounts 
  as tested and supported by the Eucalyptus Quality Team. Some of these limitations may 
  reflect the supported differences between AWS and Eucalyptus.
 </shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Functional Limitations</title>
   <p>This section describes features and operations that are not supported by Eucalyptus, and therefore, 
   considered a functional limitation or difference from that of AWS. </p>
   <table>
    <tgroup
     cols="3">
     <colspec
      colnum="1"
      colname="c1"
      colwidth="4*"/>
     <colspec
      colnum="2"
      colname="c2"
      colwidth="2.32*"/>
     <colspec
      colnum="3"
      colname="c3"
      colwidth="1*"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Defaults</entry>
       <entry>Issue</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Eucalyptus Cloudformation Update Stack does not support Notification Configurations
        for given resources since Eucalyptus has not implemented Simple Notification Service (SNS)
        or Simple Queue Service (SQS).</entry>
       <entry>No defaults provided at this time.</entry>
       <entry><xref
         format="html"
         href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-1829">DOC-1829</xref></entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Eucalyptus Cloudformation Update Stack supports the <codeph>UpdatePolicy</codeph>
        attribute on the <codeph>AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup</codeph> type but only the
         <codeph>AutoScalingRollingUpdate</codeph> condition is supported since Eucalyptus Auto
        Scaling does not support Scheduled Actions.</entry>
       <entry>No defaults provided at this time.</entry>
       <entry><xref
         format="html"
         href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-1829">DOC-1829</xref></entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Full access to the Management Console requires a minimum IAM policy. </entry>
       <entry>No defaults provided at this time. See <xref
         href="../shared/console_iam_policy.dita#add_access_policy_ui_help_context">Add Access Policy</xref>
        for the recommended minimal IAM policy to apply when creating a group.</entry>
       <entry><xref
         format="html"
         href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-1891">DOC-1891</xref></entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Auto scaling limits are aligned with the AWS limits, except for SNS topics, as SNS is
        currently not supported in Eucalyptus.</entry>
       <entry>The <xref
         href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/latest/userguide/as-account-limits.html"
         scope="external"
         format="html">AWS Auto Scaling Limits</xref> are also generally applicable to
        Eucalyptus.</entry>
       <entry/>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
  <section>
    <title>Configurable Limitations</title>
    <p>This section lists the limitations that are present for configuring certain resources, as tested by Eucalyptus, 
     and may differ from those imposed by AWS. </p>
    <table>
     <tgroup
      cols="3">
      <colspec
       colnum="1"
       colname="c1"
       colwidth="4*"/>
      <colspec
       colnum="2"
       colname="c2"
       colwidth="2.32*"/>
      <colspec
       colnum="3"
       colname="c3"
       colwidth="1*"/>
      <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Defaults</entry>
       <entry>Issue</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>The maximum number of instances that can be started in one cluster is 4096.</entry>
       <entry/>
       <entry><xref
         format="html"
         href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-1831">DOC-1831</xref></entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>The maximum number of volumes that can be attached to a VM is 50. </entry>
       <entry>Default value should be 25 and configurable up to 50 by an admin.</entry>
       <entry><xref
         format="html"
         href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-11244">GUI-11244</xref></entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>The number of access keys a user can have is ___.</entry>
       <entry/>
       <entry/>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Name restrictions on the values that can be used with IAM.</entry>
       <entry>Same as AWS. The <xref
         href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_iam-limits.html"
         scope="external"
         format="html">AWS restrictions on names</xref> are also generally applicable to
        Eucalyptus.</entry>
       <entry/>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Most default limits are defined via cloud properties.</entry>
       <entry>See ...</entry>
       <entry/>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
    </table>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>