<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_features_4.3.0">
	<title>What's New?</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic lists new features in HPE Helion Eucalyptus 4.3.0.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>New Features</title>
			
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colnum="1" colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
					<colspec colnum="2" colname="c2" colwidth="2.77*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Feature</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 (RHEL 7) support</entry>
							<entry>RHEL7 is the supported deployment OS. 
								<ul>
									<li>Libraries repackaged for use with RHEL 7 that alleviate certain dependencies on
										obsoleted java libraries.</li>
									<li>Eucalyptus can now run confined by SELinux on RHEL 7.</li>
								</ul>
								
								For more information, see <xref
									href="../../install-guide/rhel7_upgrade_euca_before_os.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row><entry>Security improvements</entry>
							<entry>Notable security hardening measures have been implemented in 4.3.0:
								<ul>
									<li>Eucalyptus can now run in confined mode on UFS and other eucalyptus-cloud-based processes.</li>
									<li>Usage of Jetty is removed along with the Jetty libraries and associated credential download functionality.</li>
									<li>Eucalyptus can now run confined by SELinux on RHEL 7</li>
								</ul></entry></row>
						<row><entry>Removed reverse DNS dependency of eucanetd in VPCMIDO mode.</entry>
							<entry>Allows administrators to register NCs to a back-end network instead 
								of a routable front-end network. This only affects VPCMIDO mode.
							</entry></row>
							<row>
								<entry>EC2 API Compatibility: Instance termination protection.</entry>
								<entry>Allows an attribute to be set to protect instances from being accidentally
									terminated. We now support the <codeph>DisableApiTermination</codeph> parameter with
								the <codeph>RunInstances</codeph> action and the <codeph>disableApiTermination</codeph> attribute for
								the <codeph>ModifyInstanceAttribute</codeph> and <codeph>DescribeInstanceAttribute</codeph> actions.
								However, instance termination protection does not prevent an auto
								scaling instance to be terminated by that service.</entry>
							</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Switch multicast from globally scoped to locally scoped address range</entry>
							<entry>The multicast addresses that the CLC uses for jgroups membership changed from 
								a globally-scoped multicast address range, to a configurable option and the default 
								be addresses that are in the administratively-scoped range.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Support for IAM policy variables</entry>
							<entry>The use of policy variables simplifies the writing of policies when exact names of 
								resources are unknown.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) improvements.</entry>
							<entry>Notable improvements in VPC include:
								<ul>
									<li>Internal ELB in VPC</li>
									<li>NAT Gateway</li>
									<li>Custom route table</li>
									<li>Multiple ENIs</li>
								</ul></entry></row>
						<row>
							<entry>CloudFormation improvements.</entry>
							<entry>Update stack supported both in euca2ools and the Management Console.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>CloudWatch in the Management Console</entry>
							<entry>The Management Console has improved alarms, metrics, and monitoring management.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>View scaling history added to Management Console.</entry>
							<entry>Added the ability to view scaling activity (history) to scaling group details page.</entry>
						</row>
		
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
