<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="intro_special_feature_release">
 <title>Special Status Release Features</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic describes special status release features and their support scope. It also
    provides a list of features currently in a special status release.</shortdesc>
 <conbody> 
  <section>
<!--    IMPORTANT NOTE TO WRITERS: DO NOT CHANGE THIS DEFINITION WITHOUT APPROVAL FROM HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE LEGAL
-->  
    <title>Feature Release Types</title>
    <p>There are 3 feature release types, of which 2 have special status:
    <ul>
      <li>Technology Preview - special status - see below for the <xref
              href="#intro_special_feature_release/tech_prev_definition" format="dita"
              >definition</xref>, <xref href="#intro_special_feature_release/tech_prev_rules"
              format="dita">policies</xref>, and <xref
              href="#intro_special_feature_release/tech_prev_now" format="dita">current
              features</xref> in this state.</li>
      <li>Controlled Availability - special status - see below for the <xref
              href="#intro_special_feature_release/control_avail_definition" format="dita"
              >definition</xref>, <xref href="#intro_special_feature_release/control_avail_rules"
              format="dita">policies</xref>, and <xref
              href="#intro_special_feature_release/control_avail_now" format="dita">current
              features</xref> in this state.</li>
      <li>General Availability - fully supported features</li>
    </ul></p>
  </section>
   
    <section>
      <title>Feature Release Type Comparison</title>
      <p><table>
        <tgroup cols="4">
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Attribute</entry>
              <entry>Technology Preview</entry>
              <entry>Controlled Availability</entry>
              <entry>General Availability</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Feature complete</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Supported by HPE Helion Eucalyptus</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>~ *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Feedback welcome</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Upgradeable</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>~ *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Production ready</entry>
              <entry>No</entry>
              <entry>~ *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Future guaranteed</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>~ *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>What’s it like?</entry>
              <entry>Nightly / Alpha</entry>
              <entry>Beta</entry>
              <entry>Production</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Performance standards</entry>
              <entry>~</entry>
              <entry>No *</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Can deprecate</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
              <entry>Yes</entry>
              <entry>Yes; defined process</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table></p>
      <p><b>Table legend</b></p>
      <p>* Per agreement – special cases and conditions to define support, upgrade / future path, production-ready status, level of performance to expect.</p>
      <p>~ Possible - but <b>not</b> guaranteed.</p>
    </section>
   
   <section>
     <title>Upgrade Compatibility and Support Scope</title>
     <p>During the development of a special status feature, additional components may become
       available to the public for testing. Because special status features are still under
       development, HPE cannot guarantee the stability of such features. As a result, if you are
       using special status features, you may not be able to seamlessly upgrade to subsequent HPE
       Helion Eucalyptus releases.</p>
     <p>Special status features are included in a release to provide early access to features that
        HPE may support fully in future releases, but HPE cannot guarantee that support will be
        provided or issues resolved in a future release. Some special status features may only be
        available for specific hardware architectures.</p>
     <p>The HPE Helion Eucalyptus customer success team may create bug reports on behalf of support
       cases filed by subscribed customers. These bug reports will then be forwarded to HPE Helion
       Eucalyptus engineering as proposed for inclusion in a future release.</p>
   </section>
   
   <section>
    <title id="tech_prev_definition">Technology Preview Definition</title>
     <p>Technology preview features provide early access to upcoming product innovations, enabling
       you to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.</p>
     <p><b>Customers and users should be aware that technology preview features:</b></p>
     <ul id="tech_prev_rules">
       <li>are not fully supported under HPE (formerly Eucalyptus Systems, Inc.) subscription level
          agreements.</li>
       <li>may not be functionally complete.</li>
       <li>are not intended for production use.</li>
     </ul>
     <p>In some cases, this may be applicable to the entire cloud deployment depending on the
       subsystems affected by the feature in technology preview. As HPE considers making future
       iterations of technology preview features generally available, we will attempt to resolve
       any issues that customers experience when using these features.</p>
   </section>

   <section>
     <title id="tech_prev_now">Current Technology Preview Features</title>
     <p>The following features are in technology preview for this HPE Helion Eucalyptus release:</p>
     
     <!--     If there are no features in tech preview, insert this text. 
       Otherwise hide it for the release and list the features. -->
     
     <ul>
       <li>There are no features in technology preview in this release.</li>
       <!--   <li>For example: VPC - see <xref href="../user-guide/vpc_intro.dita">
         Using Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)</xref>.</li>
       <li></li>
       <li></li> -->
     </ul>
   </section>
   
   <section>
     <title id="control_avail_definition">Controlled Availability Definition</title>
    <p>A controlled availability release is a conditional release of a product (or products)
      that does not meet a published standard, or for which Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE)
      is unable to provide support under published policy.</p>
      <p><b>Customers and users should be aware that controlled availability features:</b></p>
      <p><ul id="control_avail_rules">
        <li>are used to limit the shipment of a product or a release to a set of customers who agree
            to specific use conditions, which include migrating to a General Availability (GA)
            release when it is ready.</li>
        <li>are generally used to deliver early releases of new products or new features of existing
            products to satisfy customer commitments.</li>
        <li>might not include a full complement of defect repair time-critical fixes, although some
            defect repair might be rolled in as necessary.</li>
        <li>can be ordered only with proper approval and for a specified length of time. (The
            approval process and order start/stop time frame are documented prior to the release in
            the controlled availability agreement.)</li>
      </ul></p>
     <p>In some cases, this may be applicable to the entire cloud deployment depending on the
       subsystems affected by the feature in controlled availability. As HPE considers making future
       iterations of these features generally available, we will attempt to resolve
       any issues that customers experience when using these features.</p>
  </section>

   <section>
     <title id="control_avail_now">Current Controlled Availability Features</title>
     <p>The following features are in controlled availability for this HPE Helion Eucalyptus release:</p>
     
<!--     If there are no features in controlled availability, insert this text. 
       Otherwise hide it for the release and list the features. -->
     
     <ul>
<!--       <li>There are no features in controlled availability in this release.</li>
-->
       <li>Ceph RGW object storage - see <xref
            href="../../install-guide/config_storage_ceph_rgw.dita#config_storage_ceph_rgw"/></li>
     </ul>
   </section>
   
 </conbody>
</concept>
