<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_tx5_frw_3f">
 <title>Managing Key Pairs - Euca2ools</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Before launching an instance create a public/private key pair using the following command:</p>
  <p>
   <codeblock>euca-add-keypair &lt;keypair_name> | tee &lt;key_file></codeblock>
  </p>
  <p>Piping to the <cmdname>tee</cmdname> command while generating a key file is optional, but is
   useful because you will immediately see if any errors occur.  The key will be written both the
   screen and to the file if the command is executed successfully. The
    <cmdname>&lt;keypair_name></cmdname> is a human-friendly name chosen by the user. For increased
   security change the permissions on the key file by using the follow
   command:<codeblock>chmod 600 &lt;key_file></codeblock></p>
  <p>In fact, the private key file will be ignored by SSH without this permission change.</p>
  <p/>
  <p>You can view key pairs with the following command:</p>
  <p>
   <codeblock>euca-describe-keypairs &lt;verbose></codeblock>
   <note>The <cmdname>&lt;verbose></cmdname> option can only be used by the cloud administrator. It
    displays all key pairs and not just those owned by the cloud administrator.</note>
  </p>
  <p>It is possible for a user to have more than one key pair, but if too many key pairs exist then
   management of those key pairs can become difficult. To delete a key pair use the following
   command:</p>
  <p>
   <codeblock>euca-delete-keypair &lt;keypair_name></codeblock>
  </p>
  <p>There is an important distinction to keep in mind.  There are keys and certificates that
   authenticate a user to the cloud and keys that authenticate a user to a running instance.  The
   key pairs described in this section are used only to authenticate a user to an instance. Other
   keys and certificates that identify a user to the cloud are used to allow a user to run euca2ools
   and other cloud-interface tools.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
