<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_qsd_dvn_b3">
    <title>Lab - Install Eucalyptus 3.2</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>In this lab exercise you will install a Eucalyptus 3.2 cloud with a single front-end
                host (Cloud Controller, Walrus, Cluster Controller, and Storage Controller) and a
                single Node Controller host. Both hosts are preinstalled with CentOS 6.3.  The lab
                exercise assumes that the two hosts have internet access. </p>
            <p>The front-end host has two network interface cards: one to connect to the public side
                of the cloud (for users and management) and one to connect to the private side (to
                the Node Controller).  The public network prefix is 172.16.nn.0/24 and is accessed
                through the em2 interface.  The third octet of the network address varies according
                to set of hosts that you are assigned.  The private network prefix is
                192.168.105.0/24 and is accessed through the em1 interface. </p>
            <p>The Node Controller host also has network interfaces on the public and private
                networks.  The Node Controller host’s em2 interface is on the public network while
                the em1 interface is on private network (connected to the front-end host).</p>
            <p>Instances on the Node Controller will run in their own private subnetwork. The
                subnetwork address prefix is 10.110.nn.0/24.   The third octet of the subnetwork
                address will vary according to the set of hosts that you are assigned to.</p>
            <p>Please refer to the student IP address handout to get specific IP address information
                for your set of hosts.</p>
            <p>Lab Objectives:<ul id="ul_lvw_rvn_b3">
                    <li>Prepare the operating systems </li>
                    <li>Install the software </li>
                </ul></p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
