<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="moving_to_ha">
	<title>Eucalyptus Migration to High Availability</title>
	<shortdesc>You can register additional components to
		bring high availability to your existing cloud. This topic
		provides instructions for registering additional Eucalyptus
		components (specifically Walrus) in an existing environment for
		the purpose of achieving high availability.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>
					<indexterm/>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>
					<indexterm/>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/tech_preview"/>
			<note type="important">Adding an additional Walrus will require
				downtime of your cloud platform.</note>
			<p>Registering redundant components to your existing Eucalyptus
				installation will take your platform into a highly available
				configuration. Registering the Cloud Controller, Cluster
				Controller and Storage Controller (with SAN adapter only) is
				fairly trivial but adding an additional Walrus requires that the
				user configure DRBD for bukkit storage replication.</p>
			<p>Before you begin, ensure that you have completed the
				following:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>Installed the same operating system on any additional server
					you will add for High Availability of a Eucalyptus
					component.</li>
				<li>Installed and configured Eucalyptus with matching
					configuration on any additional system you will be
					adding.</li>
				<li>If registering an additional Walrus, ensure you are able to
					move the contents of /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits/ to a
					temporary storage area.</li>
				<li>A block device (disk or partition) is available for use as a
					DRBD device. Consider using LVM for future growth.</li>
			</ul>
			<note type="important">The configuration of Highly Availiable
				components must match. For more information, see <xref
					href="ha_planning.dita"/>.</note>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>To register an additional Eucalyptus component please
					follow the instructions in <xref
						href="registering_components.dita"/>.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Additional steps are required for adding another Walrus
					component. You will need to configure a DRBD device for the
					bukkit store. Start by shutting down the eucalyptus-cloud
					service on both Walrus servers.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud stop</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the original primary system, copy the current contents
					of /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits to a temporary
					location.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>cp -R --preserve /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits /newlocation/</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure your new DRBD device. For more information, see
						<xref href="config_drbd.dita"/>. After you are finished
					configuring your device, move to the next step.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the primary Walrus, ensure the new DRBD resource is in a
					primary state before proceeding.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>drbd-overview</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the primary Walrus, copy the preserved contents of
					/var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits from the temporary location to
					the new DRBD device.</cmd>
				<info>
					<note type="tip">At this point you should run
							<codeph>service eucalyptus-cloud stop</codeph> to
						ensure cloud services are stopped during
						migration.</note>
					<codeblock>cp -R --preserve /newlocation/* /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits/</codeblock>
					<note type="tip">If you are migrating large amounts of data,
						consider skipping initial device synchronization as
						explained in <xref href="config_drbd_sync.dita"
						/>.</note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the primary Walrus, monitor the state of the resource
					with <codeph>drbd-overview</codeph> to observe the sync.
					Data will not be replicated until the resource is marked
					UpToDate/UpToDate.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>drbd-overview</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>With the synchronization complete, start the
					eucalyptus-cloud service to bring up Walrus.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>Your HA environment is now ready.</result>
	</taskbody>
</task>
