<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="eustore-install-image">
	<title>eustore-install-image</title>
	<shortdesc>Installs an image to the <filepath>myimages</filepath> bucket on your cloud. I should point out something about uploading kernel and ramdisk to your cloud. Only the admin can install these. If you have admin credentials, the above command will work fine. If you don’t and want to install an image anyway, you would use the –kernel and –ramdisk options to refer to a kernel id and ramdisk id already installed on the cloud. That way, this command will ignore the kernel and ramdisk bundled with the image and refer to the previously uploaded ones.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
    	<title>Syntax</title>
    	<codeblock>eustore-install-image -i <b>image_name</b> -b <b>bucket_name</b>
    	[-t <b>tarball</b>] [-s <b>description</b>] [-a <b>architecture</b>]
    	[-p <b>prefix</b>] [-k <b>kernel_type</b>] [-d <b>directory</b>] 
    	[--kernel] [--ramdisk]</codeblock>
    </section>
  	<section>
  		<title>Options</title>
  		<table>
  			<tgroup cols="3">
  				<colspec colwidth="20*"/>
  				<colspec colwidth="70*"/>
  				<colspec colwidth="10*"/>
  				<thead>
  					<row>
  						<entry align="center">Option</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Description</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Required</entry>
  					</row>
  				</thead>
  				
  				<tbody>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph> -i <i>image_name</i>, --image_name=<i>image_name</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Name of the image to install</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-b <i>bucket</i>, --bucket=<i>bucket</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Specify the bucket to store the images in</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-t <i>tarball</i>, --tarball=<i>tarball</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Name local image tarball to install from</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-s <i>description</i>, --description=<i>description</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Description of image, mostly used with -t option</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-a <i>architecture</i>, --architecture=<i>architecture</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Use with the <codeph>-t</codeph> option.
  							<p>Valid values: <codeph>i386</codeph> | <codeph>x86_64</codeph></p></entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-p <i>prefix</i>, --prefix=<i>prefix</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Prefix to use when naming the image, mostly used with -t option</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-k <i>kernel_type</i>, --kernel_type=<i>kernel_type</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Kerne type you're using
  							<p>Valid values: <codeph>xen</codeph> | <codeph>kvm</codeph></p></entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-d <i>directory</i>, --dir=<i>directory</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Specify a temporary directory for large files</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--kernel=<i>kernel</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Override bundled kernel with one already installed</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--ramdisk=<i>ramdisk</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Override bundled ramdisk with one already installed</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  				</tbody>
  			</tgroup>
  		</table>
  	</section>
  	<section conref="../shared/euare-common.dita#euare-common/euare_common_options"/>
  	
  	<section>
  		<title>Output</title>
  		<p>Eucalyptus generates the status of the install process.</p>
  	</section>
  	<section>
  		<title>Example</title>
  		<codeblock>eustore-install-image -i 3235725435 -b myimages
Downloading Image :  CentOS 5 1.3GB root, Single Kernel
0-----1-----2-----3-----4-----5-----6-----7-----8-----9-----10
##############################################################

Checking image bundle
Unbundling image
tar root = euca-centos-2012.1.14-x86_64
path = euca-centos-2012.1.14-x86_64
path = euca-centos-2012.1.14-x86_64/initrd.img-2.6.32-5-amd64
Bundling/uploading ramdisk
Checking image
...</codeblock>
  		</section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
