<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_nvg_mxt_f3">
 <title>Configuring the User Console</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Once the User Console software is installed, it must be configured for operation within your
   cloud. The main configuration file for the User Console is
    <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus-console/console.ini</filepath>. It is composed of several sections and
   individual entries in the format of &lt;parameter>: &lt;value>. </p>
  <p>There are three main parameters in the <cmdname>[server]</cmdname> section that must be
   configured.</p>
  <p>The IP address of the Cloud Controller must be configured in the <cmdname>clchost:</cmdname>
   parameter.  For example, if the IP address of your Cloud Controller is 172.16.162.1 then the
   entry would look like <cmdname>clchost: 192.16.162.1</cmdname>.</p>
  <p>The port number where the User Console can be reached must be configured in the
    <cmdname>uiport:</cmdname> parameter. For example, if you want your User Console to respond to
   requests at port 9090, then the entry would look like <cmdname>uiport: 9090</cmdname>. The
   default port number is 8888.</p>
  <p>You should also configure the URL of the Eucalyptus Administrator Console in the
    <cmdname>support.url:</cmdname> parameter. A user is not able to change their password in the
   User Console. However, the User Console login window contains a link that can take the user to
   the Eucalyptus Administrator Console where they can change their password. This link works in
   your cloud by adding the Eucalyptus Administrator Console URL to the
    <cmdname>support.url:</cmdname> parameter. For example, if your Eucalyptus Administrator Console
   is reachable at https://192.16.162.1:8443, then the entry would look like <cmdname>support.url:
    https://192.16.162.1:8443</cmdname>.</p>
  <p>There are other configuration parameters in this file that allow you to configure custom SSL
   keys, your locale, session timeouts, polling frequencies, and others settings. For more
   information about the configuration file, see the <i>Eucalyptus User Console Guide</i> at <xref
    href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs" format="html" scope="external"
    >http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs</xref>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
