<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_jb4_qjs_1h">
 <title>Configuring DNS</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Use the following procedure to enable DNS on your Cloud Controller.</p>
  <p>
   <ol id="ol_db4_fks_1h">
    <li><cmdname>euca-modify-property –p
            system.dns.dnsdomain=&lt;eucadomain>.&lt;parentdomain></cmdname></li>
    <li><cmdname>euca-modify-property -p bootstrap.webservices.use_instance_dns=true</cmdname>
    </li>
    <li>Enter the IP address of the company &lt;parentdomain> nameserver as
          VNET_DNS=“parent_domain_nameserver_IP” in
            <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>.</li>
    <li>Configure the parent domain nameserver to point to the Cloud Controller and the
          &lt;eucadomain>.</li>
   </ol>
  </p>
  <p>The first <cmdname>euca-modify-property</cmdname> command configures the Cloud Controller with
      the domain name for which it is authoritative.  The &lt;parentdomain> is the domain name for
      which the company DNS nameserver is authoritative. The second
        <cmdname>euca-modify-property</cmdname> command enables the DNS service on the Cloud
      Controller. The VNET_DNS entry in the <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file configures the
      Cloud Controller with the IP address of its parent domain name server. </p>
  <p>
   <note>There is also a cloud property named <i>system.dns.nameserver</i> but it does not need to
    be changed in order for DNS resolution to work.</note>
  </p>
    <p>
      <note>The DNS nameserver must be able to attach to port 53.  If dnsmasq is configured to start
        at boot, it will attach to port 53 and interfere with the Eucalyptus nameserver.  Disable
        dnsmasq if necessary.</note>
    </p>
  <p>There are DNS configuration file examples in the Installation Guide for 3.2 at
      http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
