<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_q1v_w3r_1h">
 <title>Eucalyptus DNS Names</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The Cloud Controller can be configured as a DNS nameserver for instances and Walrus buckets.
   The DNS host name for the Cloud Controller is eucalyptus.&lt;eucadomain>.&lt;parentdomain>. The
   DNS host name for the Walrus is walrus.&lt;eucadomain>.&lt;parentdomain>. The &lt;eucadomain> is
   the domain for which the Cloud Controller is authoritative. The &lt;parentdomain> is the domain
   for which the organization's DNS nameserver is authoritative.</p>
  <p>Instance are assigned DNS host names according to the following pattern:</p>
  <p>euca-A.B.C.D.eucalyptus.&lt;eucadomain>.&lt;parentdomain> where A.B.C.D is the IP address of
   the instance.</p>
  <p>Walrus buckets are assigned DNS host names according to the following pattern:</p>
  <p>&lt;bucketname>.walrus.&lt;eucadomain>.&lt;parentdomain></p>
  <p>As an example, assume that the parent domain is mycompany.com. Assume the eucadomain was
   configured with the name cloud.  The public IP address range for the instances is 172.16.194.20
   through 172.16.194.40.   In this configuration, an instance might be assigned the DNS domain name
   euca-172.16.194.20.eucalyptus.cloud.mycompany.com.  A bucket named centos would be assigned the
   DNS domain name centos.walrus.cloud.mycompany.com.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
