<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="euca_intro">
 <title>Eucalyptus Overview</title>
 <shortdesc>Eucalyptus is open source software for building Amazon Web Services (AWS)-compatible
  private and hybrid clouds. Eucalyptus allows you to flexibly to manage resources, such as storage,
  users, and accounts on an as-needed basis. </shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>Introduction</indexterm>
    <indexterm>Concepts</indexterm>
    <indexterm>Features</indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>
 <conbody>
  
  <p>Eucalyptus provides a management console, which is an intuitive web page that allows users to
   perform a vaiety of tasks, such as launching instances, define network and security settings, and
   specify storage needs through volumes and snapshots. Alternatively, users may issue advanced
   commands through a Command Line Interface (CLI) using a supported toolset, called Euca2ools, as well as 
   industry-standard AWS APIs, including EC2, S3, EBS, IAM, Auto Scaling, Elastic Load Balancing, and CloudWatch.
   Scripts and APIs may be used to automate repetitive or ongoing tasks to reduce unecessary burden
   on cloud administrators, freeing them up to tend to other priorities their organizations require.  </p>
  
  <p>Eucalyptus can dynamically scale up or down depending on application workloads and is uniquely suited 
   for enterprise clouds, delivering production-ready software. The benefits of open source software for private
   clouds are highly efficient scalability, organization agility, and increased trust and control for IT.</p>

  <p>For an overview of the components comprising the Eucalyptus architecture, refer to <xref
    href="admin-guide/system_concepts.dita"/>.</p>
  <section>
   <title>Eucalyptus Features</title>
   <p>Eucalyptus offers ways to implement, manage, and maintain your
    own collection of virtual resources (machines, network, and
    storage). The following is an overview of these features.</p>
   <dl>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>AWS API compatibility</dt>
     <dd>Eucalyptus provides API compatibility with Amazon Web
      Services, to allow you to use familiar tools and
      commands to provision your cloud.</dd>
    </dlentry>
   
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Block- and bucket-based storage abstractions</dt>
     <dd>Eucalyptus provides storage options compatible with
      Amazon's EBS (block-based) and S3 (bucket-based) storage
      products.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Self-service capabilities</dt>
     <dd>Eucalyptus offers a Management Console, allowing your users to
      request the resources they need, and automatically
      provisioning those resources where available.</dd>
    </dlentry>
    <dlentry>
     <dt>Web-based Interface</dt>
     <dd>The Eucalyptus Management Console is accessible from any device via a browser. The Console initial page provides a Dashboard view of components available to you
      to manage, configure, provision, and generate various reports.
     </dd>
    </dlentry>
    
    
   </dl>
  </section>
  
  <section>Whether you're looking for an on-premise complement to your public cloud setup, or already have
   a virtualized datacenter and now want to move into a private or hybrid cloud setup, Eucalyptus
   can help you get started today. Download Faststart and have your cloud up and running in half an
   hour, or take advantage of Eucalyptus' seamless interoperation with AWS’ EC2 and S3 public cloud
   services, for an enterprise-grade hybrid cloud platform out of the box.</section>
  <section>Eucalyptus is not just a product name but was originally an acronym, derived from
   <b>E</b>lastic <b>U</b>tility <b>C</b>omputing <b>A</b>rchitecture for <b>L</b>inking <b>Y</b>our
   <b>P</b>rograms <b>T</b>o <b>U</b>seful <b>S</b>ystems."</section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
