<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_3.2.2">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The following known issues exist in Eucalyptus 3.2.2 and its dependencies. Please contact
			Eucalyptus support for known workarounds to these issues. You can use the support portal
				<xref href="https://engage.eucalyptus.com" scope="external" format="html"
				>https://engage.eucalyptus.com</xref> or email us directly at <xref
				href="mailto:support@eucalyptus.com" scope="external" format="email"
				>support@eucalyptus.com</xref>.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Cannot attach a volume to a VMware host over iSCSI when the datastore
							uses NFS (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-735"
								>DOC-735</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>VMware does not support this configuration. For more information, see
								<xref
								href="http://kb.vmware.com/selfservice/microsites/search.do?cmd=displayKC&amp;externalId=1001856"
								scope="external">VMware KB 1001856</xref>.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Launching multiple EBS-backed instances using <codeph>-n</codeph>
							fails (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2452"
								>EUCA-2452</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When launching EBS-backed instances using the <codeph>-n</codeph>
							option, instances never go into running state. Use
								<codeph>euca-start-instance</codeph> to start each stopped
							instance.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>clusterXX.storage.storageinterface</codeph> has no effect
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4136"
								>EUCA-4136</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Setting <codeph>clusterXX.storage.storageinterface</codeph> will not
							redirect iSCSI traffic onto a different interface. To redirect traffic,
							register the Storage Controller with a different IP address.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>"Task is already running" dialog appears when repairing Eucalyptus
							Windows Integration Tool installation on Windows 2008 Datacenter x86_64
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4367"
								>EUCA-4367</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When you run a repair installation operation on the Eucalyptus
							Windows Integration Tool on Windows 2008 Datacenter x86_64 (without
							Hyper-V), an error pops up with the message "The specified service
							already exists". Select "OK" to continue and the installation repair
							will proceed normally. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Large SOAP error messages can fill up logs when using Hybridfox or
							the Eucalyptus User Console (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4696"
								>EUCA-4696</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using Hybridfox or the Eucalyptus 3.2.1 User Console, large SOAP
							error messages can quickly fill the cloud-output log file. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>You must add a line to the console.ini file when upgrading from 3.2.0
							to 3.2.1 (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5333"
								>EUCA-5333</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When upgrading from 3.2.0 to 3.2.1, you must add the following line
							to the <codeph>console.ini</codeph> file in
								<codeph>/etc/eucalyptus-console</codeph>:
								<codeph>clcwebport=8443</codeph></entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
