<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The following known issues exist in Eucalyptus 3.1 and its dependencies. Please contact
			Eucalyptus support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry> LDAP sync failure if the "group-partitions" contains capital letter
							in group names (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2035">EUCA-2035</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When creating an AD sync license configuration, using capital
							letters in the "groups-partition" setting can cause sync failures. Using
							lower-case letters in "groups-partition" will avoid this issue.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Deregistered components still display as present (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2037">EUCA-2037</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When components are de-registered and a failover occurs in HA mode,
							the de-registered components will still display as present until either
							a cloud restart or another failover occurs.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Instance remains pending for long periods during failed image
							downloads (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2265">EUCA-2265</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> If an NC is failing to download an image from Walrus, the instance
							will remain in pending for an extended period of time (2 hours by
							default).</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Unclear error message when attempting to create a volume larger than
							permitted (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2366">EUCA-2366</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When a volume size limit is exceeded on volume create, the user will
							be given an error message ("Channel was closed...") that is
							unclear.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Windows server 2003 x86 does not work on RHEL 6.2, Centos 6.2, and
							Precise (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2358">EUCA-2358</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> The Windows Image preparation tool does not include 32-bit virtio
							Windows drivers that are compatible with the versions of KVM shipped
							with RHEL 6, CentOS 6 and Ubuntu Precise.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Instance rebooted with an EBS volume attached may fail to boot
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2169">EUCA-2169</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> With KVM hypervisor, with VIRTIO enabled for DISK (EBS) and a volume
							attached, the VM may prefer the EBS volume on reboot instead of the
							proper root device (VM configuration specific).</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Instance bundling might fail because NC work space does not have
							enough room (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2369">EUCA-2369</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> If an NC does not have enough space allocated to its workspace (as
							specified by the NC_WORK_SIZE parameter in eucalyptus.conf), instance
							bundling may fail without a warning if the workspace limit is exceeded
							by the bundling operation.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Policies with conditions using "numlteq" are rejected
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2046">EUCA-2046</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Policies using the 'numlteq' shorthand will be treated as invalid.
							Use the longhand 'NumericLessThanEquals' instead.</entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry> IP addresses remain mapped if instances are terminated while the CC
							is down (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2295">EUCA-2295</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> If instances are terminated while a cluster controller is down,
							public IPs will remain mapped even after the instance terminates (after
							the cluster controller is brought back up). This condition will last
							until the IP is re-used for a new instance.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> The format of the response message to a RunInstances request does
							not conform to the EC2 XML schema (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1090">EUCA-1090</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> The blockDeviceMapping aspect contained in the response from
							RunInstances does not conform to the latest AWS EC2 format. This may
							cause some EC2 clients to fail.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> The euca-describe-regions command returns an error when the --region
							parameter is used (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1623">EUCA-1623</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When a 'region' option is passed to 'euca-describe-regions', the
							command will return an error.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> The euca-describe-clouds command has no output when using HA
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2299">EUCA-2299</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> In HA mode, the 'euca-describe-clouds' command will not display
							output. The 'euca-describe-services' command will contain the correct
							output.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Instances launched in parallel against vCenter may fail
							(BROKER-1)</entry>
						<entry> When many instances are launched in parallel against a vCenter
							backed Eucalyptus deployment, some of the instances may fail to
							run.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Public IP address can be assigned to instance with private
							addressing (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2204">EUCA-2204</xref>, 
								    <xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-280">EUCA-280</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> If an instance is run with the '--addressing private' parameter and
							later assigned an elastic IP, it will be assigned a system IP after the
							elastic IP is disassociated.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Describe regions contains both EC2 and S3 end-point information
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2198">EUCA-2198</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> AWS EC2 describeRegions response does not contain S3 end-point
							information. In Eucalyptus, describe regions contains both EC2 and S3
							end-point information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Cannot de-register a CC and re-register it with a different name
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2304">EUCA-2304</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> If an existing CC is registered, de-registered, and then
							re-registered with a new name, the CC process will need to be 'clean
							restarted' in order to return to service.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> RunInstance expiration policy does not work (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2229">EUCA-2229</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Specifying an instance run expiration policy in the past will not
							limit future instance runs.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Kernel and ramdisk images are not owned by the accounts that
							register them (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1756">EUCA-1756</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Registered kernel/ramdisk images are listed as being owned by the
							'nobody' account, instead of the account ID of the user who registered
							the images.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Special characters in object key for Walrus object handled
							inconsistently (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2024">EUCA-2024</xref>, 
								        <xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1598">EUCA-1598</xref>, 
									<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1779">EUCA-1779</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When an object key contains a special character such as a space or
							tilde (~), Walrus translates it incorrectly, and subsequent key listings
							will show the encoded equivalent instead of the correct
							character.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Concurrent snapshot operations can allow the Walrus maximum total
							snapshot size limit to be exceeded (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1527">EUCA-1527</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> The Walrus 'storagemaxtotalsnapshotsizeingb' limit may be exceeded
							temporarily if many snapshots (which, in aggregate will exceed the
							limit) are in flight concurrently. Subsequent snapshot requests will be
							limited by the set limit.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> UI elements on small screens may not be visible (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1544">EUCA-1544</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> WebUI elements may be hidden from view on small (low resolution)
							screens.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Walrus XML response bodies do not contain XML document header
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2182">EUCA-2182</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> AWS S3 includes an XML document header in XML response bodies, while
							Eucalyptus does not contain a header. This may cause some S3 clients to
							fail.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Account deletion always requires "-r" even if there are no newly
							created resources (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2332">EUCA-2332</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Full account deletion requires the use of the '-r' (recursive)
							parameter for newly created accounts, even if they do not currently own
							any resources.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Issue with non-actionable IAM policies (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1018">EUCA-1018</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Eucalyptus will accept IAM policies that are not actionable (for
							example, if a non-existent user is specified in the policy
							definition).</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> LDAP user/group synchronization slow (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1597">EUCA-1597</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> LDAP user/group synchronization can be very slow if the entropy on
							the cloud controller is low.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Walrus ListVersions response lists objects in reverse order by date
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2342">EUCA-2342</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> AWS S3 returns object versions in the order in which they were
							stored, with the most recently stored returned first. Eucalyptus will
							return object versions in the reverse order.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Orphaned uploads when Walrus max bucket size limit is reached
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2275">EUCA-2275</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When a maximum bucket size is is exceeded by a put to Walrus, there
							may be files left on the backing store after the put is
							rejected.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Walrus response to HTTP HEAD request includes a body
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2241">EUCA-2241</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When using an HTTP HEAD request to fetch metadata about an object in
							a Walrus bucket, Walrus may return a body in the response when an error
							such as an HTTP 404 Not-Found occurs. This only happens in the case of
							errors where an exception or HTTP error occurs, and does not occur if
							the object is found. This may cause incorrect client behavior.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Some Euare NotAuthorized error messages are incorrect
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2220">EUCA-2220</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When specifying invalid options to several euare-* commands, the
							content of the error response may not be accurate; you may get a
							'NotAuthorized' when the error is actually regarding an invalid input
							option.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Web UI dialogs hardcode text field text color but not text field
							background color (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-645">EUCA-645</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Text fields in the Eucalyptus Web UI may be unreadable if the
							browser background color is the same or similar to the WebUI text
							color.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> You can not restrict the launch of an image with launch permissions
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1929">EUCA-1929</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Eucalyptus will respect the 'all' user for adding/removing image
							launch permissions, but will not respect specific user/account IDs
							(specifying them will have no effect).</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Accounts cannot be disabled (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1649">EUCA-1649</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Eucalyptus 3.1 allows the disabling of 'users', but not
							'accounts'.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Volume limitation with VMWare hypervisor (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1435">EUCA-1435</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When using the VMWare hypervisor with Eucalyptus, any one instance
							can only support a total of 14 volumes attached at once.</entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry> Issue with vminstancenumber quota (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2333">EUCA-2333</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When a vminstancenumber quota is specified, a single 'run-instances'
							command that specifies an instance count that exceeds the quota amount
							will be accepted, even though only the quota specified max will
							successfully execute.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Binding error when registering image with multiple device mappings
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2264">EUCA-2264</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When registering an image, the client allows the specification of
							mappings for devices/snapshots. If more than one mapping is specified
							then the command will return a binding error.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> AD/LDAP sync does not support none latin characters
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2036">EUCA-2036</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> When integrating with an AD/LDAP IDS, Eucalyptus sync will fail if
							the IDS records contain non-latin characters.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> WebUI does not honor change in port in presentation of Cloud URL
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1777">EUCA-1777</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Changing the port aspect of the 'Cloud URL' field in the webUI does
							not have an effect on the port that the to which the cloud controller
							binds. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> The euca-register command currently defaults its architecture
							parameter to i386 instead of omitting it by default (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1504">EUCA-1504</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> The euca-register command currently defaults its architecture
							parameter to i386. As a workaround, you should always supply an
							architecture when using the euca-register and euca-bundle-image
							commands. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Instances are not accessible if CC fails to start dhcpd
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-432">EUCA-432</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> If the CC cannot start the DHCP server and instances are not getting
							addresses, an error will appear in the CC log file that will show the
							dhcpd command that is being attempted, along with the error return code.
							Searching the cc.log for EUCAERROR will find such a message.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Null point exception when accessing http://169.254.169.254/
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1556">EUCA-1556</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> In AWS, access to the metadata URL returns a list of namespace
							versions. In Eucalyptus, the base URL (http://169.254.169.254) returns
							an error value. You must specify
							'http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data' as the version to obtain
							metadata information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Issue with LOGROLLNUMBER value in euca.conf (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2212">EUCA-2212</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> The LOGROLLNUMBER in eucalyptus.conf only applies to the C-based
							Eucalyptus components (cluster controller, node controller). This
							configuration option does not have an effect on the java-based
							Eucalyptus component log behavior.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> EBS images default to the wrong architecture (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1504">EUCA-1504</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> In AWS, boot from EBS image registration defaults to the 'i386'
							architecture. In Eucalyptus, the default architecture is 'x86_64'. This
							is a display issue and does not effect the execution of the image
							itself.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> CLC accepts RunInstances requests with MinCount > MaxCount
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1792">EUCA-1792</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> AWS throws an error if mincount is greater than maxcount as options
							to run-instances. Eucalyptus will not throw an error, and will respect
							the value specified in maxcount.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Denial of EC2 address resource not taking effect (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-811">EUCA-811</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> Specifying a policy that denies a user from being able to assign a
							specific elastic IP only works for allocated elastic IPs; the policy
							will not currently apply for system-assigned elastic IPs.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Deregistering some components on Precise HA requires CLC restart
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2353">EUCA-2353</xref>)</entry>
						<entry> De-registration of components in HA will work, but may require a
							restart of CLC in order for de-registered components to no longer
							display in euca-describe-services. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> Issue with security group rules referencing other security groups
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1064">EUCA-1064</xref>) </entry>
						<entry> When in multi-cluster, MANAGED or MANAGED-NOVLAN mode, security
							group rules that reference other security groups will not apply unless
							an instance from each group is running in each cluster (availability
							zone). </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Issues with INSTANCES_PATH on Ubuntu (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2257">EUCA-2257</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>On Ubuntu, the path specified as a parameter to INSTANCES_PATH in
							eucalyptus.conf on node controllers must not contain a softlink. There
							is an issue with an apparmor/libvirt configuration that will cause a
							softlink in the path to result in failure to execute instances.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Incorrect information on the service components page
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2324">EUCA-2324</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The service components page in the web UI may display out-of-date or
							incorrect information regarding the current service state. Correct and
							up-to-date information can be obtained using the
							'euca-describe-services' CLI tool.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Problems attaching/detaching volumes (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2385">EUCA-2385</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using the VMWare hypervisor, attaching and detaching volumes can
							run more slowly than expected. In particular, updating the state of the
							volume as returned by 'euca-describe-volumes' can take up to 30
							seconds.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Uploaded images fail to run (<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2387">EUCA-2387</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>An image uploaded to Walrus with a size that is not a multiple of 512
							bytes will fail to run in Eucalyptus.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Image is registered successfully, but fails to run
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2386">EUCA-2386</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>An image that is bundled (client-side) using credentials that are no
							longer valid within Eucalyptus can be successfully uploaded and
							registered. However, it will not be possible to run instances from this
							image.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User loginprofiles reset during 3.0.2 to 3.1 upgrade 
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2393">EUCA-2393</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>On upgrade from Eucalyptus 3.0.2 to 3.1.0, user email address information will be lost 
							resulting in users being presented the 'first time login' form upon access to 
							the Web UI. The email address information will be stored subsequently.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instance DNS service cannot be turned on after upgrade from 2.0.3 to 3.1.0 
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2393">
							EUCA-2396</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>On upgrade from eucalyptus (open source) version 2.0.3 to eucalyptus 3.1.0, 
							the user is not able to enable instance DNS feature of Eucalyptus 3.1.0 
							(bootstrap.webservices.use_instance_dns=true).</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Unable to launch public BFEBS image from account other than the one who 
							owns the snapshot 
							(<xref format='html' href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-2393">EUCA-2396</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>EBS backed images created/registered by one account will not be 
							executable by users in a different account.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry/>
						<entry/>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
