<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_euca_ubuntu" platform="ubuntu1004">
	<title>Install on Ubuntu 10.04 LTS</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
        	<p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running Ubuntu 10.04 LTS:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
          <step>
          	<cmd>Create a file in <filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called <filepath>eucalyptus.list</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
          	<info>
          		<codeblock>deb http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.1/ubuntu lucid universe</codeblock>
          	</info>
          </step> 
        	<step props="subscribe">
        		<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, copy your credentials so the package managers can
        			locate them. If you are not a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Copy the entitlement certificate to the <filepath>/etc/ssl/certs</filepath> directory on each server that you want to install Eucalyptus on.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>mv &lt;license_name>-1.3.1.crt /etc/ssl/certs/&lt;license_name>-1.3.1.crt</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Copy the private key file to the <filepath>/etc/ssl/private</filepath> directory on each server that you want to install Eucalyptus on.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>mv &lt;license_name>.key /etc/ssl/private/&lt;license_name>.key</codeblock>
        					<note type="important">Make sure that the private key's file permissions are restricted to only the root user and ssl-certs group.</note>
        				</info>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Add the public key to the list of trusted keys.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>apt-key add c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>  
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step props="subscribe">
        		<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, create a new file on each server in 
        			<filepath>/etc/apt/apt.conf.d </filepath> called <filepath>eucarepo</filepath>) with the following content:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>Acquire {
    https {
        VerifyPeer "true";
        SslCert "/etc/ssl/certs/&lt;license_name>-1.3.1.crt";
        SslKey "/etc/ssl/private/&lt;license_name>.key";
    }; 
};</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Create a file in <filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called <filepath>eucalyptus-enterprise.list</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>deb https://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/enterprise/3.1/ubuntu lucid universe</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On all machines that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, create a file in <filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called euca2ools.list with the following content:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>deb http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/2.1/ubuntu lucid universe</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Enter the following command on all machines:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>apt-get update</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages and dependencies. The following example shows a package install all on the same server. You can install each component on a different server.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-cloud eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
        			<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note" />
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
				<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
					<note type="important" product="vmware">If you are using VMware, you can skip this step.
						Eucalyptus software is not installed on the node machines. The nodes are
						running VMware.</note>
				</info>
			</step>
        	<step props="subscribe" product="vmware">
        		<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use VMware, install the subscription-only VMware Broker package on each CC
					server:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker</codeblock>
				</info>
        	</step>
        	<step props="subscribe" product="san">
        		<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use SAN support, install the
        			subscription-only SAN package on each SC. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
        		<cmd></cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete. </result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
