<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_euca_rhel6" platform="rhel6">
    <title>Install on RHEL 6</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
    	
        <context>
        	<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
        	<p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running RHEL 6:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Move your credentials so the package managers can locate them.</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Place the entitlement certificate in <filepath>/etc/pki/tls/certs</filepath>.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>mv &lt;license_name>-1.3.0.crt /etc/pki/tls/certs/&lt;license_name>-1.3.0.crt</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Place the private key in <filepath>/etc/pki/tls/private</filepath>.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>mv &lt;license_name>.key /etc/pki/tls/private/&lt;license_name>.key</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Place the Eucalyptus GPG key in <filepath>/etc/pki/rpm-gpg</filepath>.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>mv c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub /etc/pki/rpm-gpg/c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        		
        	</step>  
        	<step>
            	<cmd>On all servers, create a file in <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d</filepath> called
            		<filepath>eucalyptus-enterprise.repo</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>[eucalyptus-enterprise]
name=Eucalyptus Enterprise 3.0
baseurl=https://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/enterprise/3.0/rhel/$releasever/$basearch
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub
gpgcheck=1
sslclientcert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/&lt;license_name>-1.3.0.crt
sslclientkey=/etc/pki/tls/private/&lt;license_name>.key
</codeblock>
            	</info>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On all servers that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, create a file in <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d</filepath> called <filepath>euca2ools.repo</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>[euca2ools]
name=Euca2ools 2.0
baseurl=http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/2.0/rhel/$releasever/$basearch
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub
gpgcheck=1
</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	
        	
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Install the ELRepo repository on the machine that will run Walrus:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum --nogpg install http://elrepo.org/linux/elrepo/el6/x86_64/RPMS/elrepo-release-6-4.el6.elrepo.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Configure the EPEL repository:</cmd>
			<substeps>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Go to <xref format="html" href="http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL">http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL</xref></cmd>
				</substep>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Navigate to <uicontrol>How can I use these extra packages?</uicontrol> and select the newest version for EL6.</cmd>
				</substep>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Click the package link to download the RPM.</cmd>
				</substep>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Install the resultant RPM package with the following command, as root:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh epel-release-<i>X</i>-<i>Y</i>.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
				</info>
				</substep>
			</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On all servers, enter:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum update</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages. The following example shows most components being installed all on the same server. You can use different servers for each component.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cloud eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
        			<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note" />
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
				<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
					<note type="important">If you are using VMware, you can skip this step.
						Eucalyptus software is not installed on the node machines. The nodes are
						running VMware.</note>
				</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
				<cmd>If you plan to use VMware, install the subscription only VMware Broker package on each CC
					server:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-broker</codeblock>
				</info>
        	</step>
        	<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
        		<cmd></cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete.</result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
