<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_euca_rhel5">
    <title>Install on RHEL 5</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
            <p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running RHEL 5:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Move your credentials so the package managers can locate them.</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Place the entitlement certificate in <filepath>/etc/pki/tls/certs</filepath>.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>mv &lt;license_name>-1.3.0.crt /etc/pki/tls/certs/&lt;license_name>-1.3.0.crt</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Place the private key in <filepath>/etc/pki/tls/private</filepath>.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>mv &lt;license_name>.key /etc/pki/tls/private/&lt;license_name>.key</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Place the Eucalyptus GPG key in <filepath>/etc/pki/rpm-gpg</filepath>.</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>mv c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub /etc/pki/rpm-gpg/c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>  
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        	
        	
        	<step>
            	<cmd>On all servers, create a file in <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d</filepath> called <filepath>eucalyptus-enterprise.repo</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>[eucalyptus-enterprise]
name=Eucalyptus Enterprise 3.0
baseurl=https://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/enterprise/3.0/rhel/$releasever/$basearch
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub
gpgcheck=1
sslclientcert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/&lt;license_name>-1.3.0.crt
sslclientkey=/etc/pki/tls/private/&lt;license_name>.key
</codeblock>
            	</info>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On all systems that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, create a file in <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d</filepath> called <filepath>euca2ools.repo</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>[euca2ools]
name=Euca2ools 2.0
baseurl=http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/2.0/rhel/$releasever/$basearch
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub
gpgcheck=1
</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Enable the Cluster-Storage repository in Red Hat Network for each SC:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Go to <xref format="html" href="https://rhn.redhat.com">https://rhn.redhat.com</xref></cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Navigate to the system that will run the SC.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Alter Channel Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Make sure the <uicontrol>RHEL Cluster Storage</uicontrol> checkbox is checked.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Change Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Enable the Virtualization repository in Red Hat Network for each NC:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>On <xref format="html" href="http://rhn.redhat.com">http://rhn.redhat.com</xref>, navigate to the system that will run the NC.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Alter Channel Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Make sure the <uicontrol>RHEL Virtualization</uicontrol> checkbox is checked.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Change Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the machine(s) that will run Walrus, create a file in <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d</filepath> called <filepath>centos-extras.repo</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>[centos-extras]
name=CentOS 5 - Extras
mirrorlist=http://mirrorlist.centos.org/?release=5&amp;arch=$basearch&amp;repo=extras 
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-CentOS-5
</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Download the key that CentOS uses to sign their packages:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>wget http://mirror.centos.org/centos/RPM-GPG-KEY-CentOS-5</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Copy the resulting file to
        			<filepath>/etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-CentOS-5</filepath>:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>mv RPM-GPG-KEY-CentOS-5 /etc/pki/rpm-gpg</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Enter the following command to enable the EPEL repository:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>rpm -Uvh http://download.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/5/i386/epel-release-5-4.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>If your planned Walrus server is running Xen, install
        			<filepath>kmod-drbd83-xen</filepath> package. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install kmod-drbd83-xen</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>  
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On all servers, enter:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum update</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages. The following example shows most components being installed all on the same server. You can use different servers for each component.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cloud eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
        			<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note" />
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>If you plan to use VMware, install the VMware Broker package on each CC server:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-broker</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
        			<note type="important">If you are using VMware, you can skip this step. Eucalyptus
        				software is not installed on the node machines. The nodes are running VMware.</note>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
        		<cmd></cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete.</result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
