<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="installing_hypervisors">
	<title>Installing and Configuring Hypervisors</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<draft-comment>Scrap this section, per https://support.eucalyptus.com/Ticket/Display.html?id=5626
			Resolve ticket when done.</draft-comment>
		<p>Eucalyptus deploys VM instances on a hypervisor. A hypervisor is a software abstraction of a
			physical hardware platform that enables multiple guest operating systems to run concurrently
			on a single physical machine. Eucalyptus is directly compatible with both Xen and KVM
			hypervisors. To interact with these hypervisors, Eucalyptus uses the libvirt virtualization
			API. Alternatively, you can configure Eucalyptus to use VMware virtualization technologies
			with which it communicates using web services.</p>
		<p>While it is usually possible to use Xen and KVM with any of the supported distributions, the
			level of effort necessary, and the quality of the resulting platform for different
			distribution-hypervisor combinations varies. Before choosing an open source hypervisor and a
			Linux distribution, we recommend that you consider the level of support that the community
			reports for a specific combination. Eucalyptus supports the Xen hypervisor for CentOS 5 and
			RHEL 5, and KVM for RHEL 6 and Ubuntu. </p>
		<p>When Eucalyptus is installed from packages, some of a hypervisor's configuration is done
			automatically. In the following sections, we describe the configuration steps that are
			necessary in addition to the automatic configuration done by Eucalyptus packages for common
			hypervisor-distribution combinations.</p>

	</conbody>
</concept>
