<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="planning_managed">
 <title>Managed Mode</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Managed mode offers the most features of the networking modes, but also carries with it the most potential constraints on the setup of the Eucalyptus administrator's network. In Managed mode, Eucalyptus manages the local network of VM instances and provides all networking features Eucalyptus currently supports, including VM network isolation, security groups, elastic IPs, and metadata service.</p>
 	<p>In Managed mode, you define a large network (usually private, unroutable) from which VM
 		instances will draw their IP addresses. Eucalyptus maintains a DHCP server with static mappings
 		for each VM instance that is created. You can define a number of security groups that you can apply network ingress rules to for any VM that runs within that network. When a user runs a VM instance, they specify the name of such a network that a VM is to be a member of, and Eucalyptus selects a subset of the entire range of IPs that other VMs in the same network can reside. A user can specify ingress rules that apply to a given network, such as allowing ping (ICMP) or SSH (TCP, port 22) traffic to reach their VMs. This capability allows Eucalyptus to expose a capability similar to Amazon's security groups. In addition, the administrator can specify a pool of public IP addresses that users may allocate, then assign to VMs either at boot or dynamically at run-time. This capability is similar to Amazon's 'elastic IPs'. Eucalyptus administrators that require security groups, elastic IPs, and VM network isolation must use this mode.</p>
 	<p>Managed mode uses a Virtual LAN (VLAN) to enforce network isolation between instances. If your underlying physical network is also using a VLAN, there can be conflicts that prevent instances from being network accessible. So you have to determine if your network is VLAN clean (that is, if your VLANs are usable by Eucalyptus). To test if the network is VLAN clean, see VLAN Preparation.</p>
 	<p>Each VM receives two IP addresses: a public IP address and a private IP address. Eucalyptus maps public IP addresses to private IP addresses. Access control is managed through security groups. </p>
 	<section>
 		<title>Managed Mode Requirements</title>
 		<ul>
 			<li>There must be an available range of IP addresses for the virtual subnets. This range must not interfere with the physical network. Typically these IP addresses are selected from the private IP ranges: 192.168.x.x, 10.x.x.x, etc.</li>
 			<li>Network must be VLAN clean, meaning that all switch ports that Eucalyptus components are connected to will allow and forward VLAN tagged packets.</li>
 			<li>You are not running a firewall on the CC or your firewall is compatible with the dynamic changes performed by Eucalyptus when working with security groups. (Note that Eucalyptus will flush the 'filter' and 'nat' tables upon boot).</li>
 			<li>No pre-existing DHCP server on the subnet. (Or, the existing DHCP server must be configured to not serve instances.)</li>
 			
 		</ul>
 	</section>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
