<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="planning_managed_novlan">
	<title>Managed (No VLAN) Mode</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>In Managed (No VLAN) mode, Eucalyptus fully manages the local VM instance network and
			provides all of the networking features Eucalyptus currently supports, including security
			groups, elastic IPs, etc. However, it does not provide VM network isolation. With VLAN
			isolation at the bridge level, it is possible in Managed (No VLAN) mode for a root user on one
			VM to snoop the ethernet traffic for other VMs that are hosted on the same physical
			server.</p>
		<note type="tip">In Managed (No VLAN) mode, VM isolation is guaranteed by having different
			security groups on different subnets—this translates into Layer-3 only VM isolation. However,
			because users are given root access to VM instances after they have been launched, in Managed
			(No VLAN) mode the network must ensure that the VMs cannot escape the Layer-3 isolation by
			changing their MAC addresses or routing tables.</note>

		<section>
			<title>Managed (No VLAN) Mode Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>There must be an available range of IP addresses for the virtual subnets. This range
					must not interfere with the physical network. Typically these IP addresses are selected
					from the private IP ranges: 192.168.x.x, 10.x.x.x, etc. </li>
				<li>Any firewall running on the Cluster Controller must be compatible with the dynamic changes
					performed by Eucalyptus when working with security groups. (Note that Eucalyptus
					will flush the 'filter' and 'nat' tables upon boot). </li>
				<li>A range of public IP addresses must be available for use by Eucalyptus. </li>
				<li>The CC must have a DHCP server daemon installed that is compatible with ISC DHCP Daemon
					version 3.0.X.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Managed (No VLAN) Mode Limitations</title>
			<ul>
				<li>No VM isolation.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

	</conbody>
</concept>
