<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="img_task_install_hvm_image">
	<title>Install an HVM Image</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>image tasks <indexterm>install HVM image</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p> HVM images are, essentially, sequences of raw sectors of a complete bootable disk,
				including a boot loader and one or more partitions with an operating system. Such
				images are self-contained and can be booted on hardware that supports virtualization
				or on a full software emulation of hardware (QEMU).</p>
			<p>At run time, HVM images can be deployed to disks local to the hypervisor (so-called
				Instance Store images) or they can run off of dynamic volumes on EBS (so-called
				EBS-backed instances or boot-from-EBS instances). We show methods for how to install
				an image into either type of EMI.</p>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<task id="img_task_install_hvm_image.instance_store">
		<title>Install HVM image as an Instance Store EMI</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<prolog>
			<metadata>
				<keywords>
					<indexterm>image tasks <indexterm>install instance-store HVM image</indexterm>
					</indexterm>
				</keywords>
			</metadata>
		</prolog>
		<taskbody>
			<context/>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Bundle, upload, and register the HVM image:</cmd>
					<info>
						<note>When installing a Windows image, be sure to add --platform=windows
							option</note>
						<codeph>euca-install-image -i /path/to/hvm-image -n name-of-image -r x86_64
							--virtualization-type hvm -b bucket-name-for-image</codeph>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>

	<task id="img_task_install_hvm_image.ebs">
		<title>Install HVM image as an EBS-Backed EMI</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<prolog>
			<metadata>
				<keywords>
					<indexterm>image tasks <indexterm>install EBS image</indexterm>
					</indexterm>
				</keywords>
			</metadata>
		</prolog>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p> An EBS-backed image (sometimes referred to as a "bfEBS" image) is an image with
					a root device that is an EBS volume created from an EBS snapshot. An EBS-backed
					image has a number of advantages (over an Instance Store image), including: </p>
				<ul>
					<li>Faster boot time</li>
					<li>Larger volume size limits</li>
					<li>Changes to the data on the image persist after instance termination </li>
				</ul>
			</context>
		</taskbody>

		<task id="img_task_install_hvm_image.ebs.import_vol">
			<title>Option A: install EBS image with euca-import-vol</title>
			<shortdesc>With this method, a single command uploads image data into Object Store and
				triggers a conversion task, which copies the data into an EBS volume. The volume
				will be the source of the snapshot behind the EBS-backed EMI. </shortdesc>
			<taskbody>
				<context/>
				<steps>
					<step>
						<cmd>Import HVM image file into Object Storage and then copy it into
							EBS.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-import-volume /path/to/hvm-image --format raw
								--availability-zone AZ-NAME --bucket bucket-for-hvm-image
								--owner-akid $EC2_ACCESS_KEY --owner-sak $EC2_SECRET_KEY --prefix
								image-name-prefix --description "textual description"</codeph>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>If volume import process was interrupted (by an interruption of the
							command or due to a network mishap, import can be resumed (within a
							one-week deadline).</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-resume-import ...</codeph>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>After volume data has been uploaded to Object Store, an internal
							"conversion task" will copy the data into a new EBS volume. Progress of
							this task can be queries.</cmd>
						<info><codeph>euca-describe-conversion-tasks</codeph></info>
					</step>
				</steps>
			</taskbody>
		</task>

		<task id="img_task_install_hvm_image.ebs.import_instance">
			<title>Option B: install EBS image with euca-import-instance</title>
			<shortdesc>With this method, a single command uploads image data into Object Store and
				triggers a conversion task, which copies the data into an EBS volume, which is then
				snapshotted, registered as an EMI, and deployed as an instance.</shortdesc>
			<taskbody>
				<context/>
				<steps>
					<step>
						<cmd>Turn HVM image into a running EBS instance with a single command.</cmd>
						<info>
							<note>Just as with euca-run-instance, one can specify the Instance Type
								for the instance that will run, as well as the SSH key.</note>
							<codeph>euca-import-instance /path/to/hvm-image --format raw
								--architecture x86_64 --platform Linux --availability-zone AZ-NAME
								--bucket bucket-for-instance --owner-akid $EC2_ACCESS_KEY
								--owner-sak $EC2_SECRET_KEY --prefix image-name-prefix --description
								"textual description" --key LaunchSpecification.KeyName=ssh-key-name
								--instance-type m1.small</codeph>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>If volume import process was interrupted (by an interruption of the
							command or due to a network mishap, import can be resumed (within a
							one-week deadline).</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-resume-import ...</codeph>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>After volume data has been uploaded to Object Store, an internal
							"conversion task" will copy the data into a new EBS volume. Progress of
							this task can be queries.</cmd>
						<info><codeph>euca-describe-conversion-tasks</codeph></info>
					</step>
				</steps>
			</taskbody>
		</task>

		<task id="img_task_install_hvm_image.ebs.manual">
			<title>Option C: install EBS image using a helper instance</title>
			<shortdesc>This is a more manual method for installing an HVM image into an EBS-backed
				EMI. Instead of importing image data into an EBS volume directly, a helper instance
				is used to copy data from the image file into the volume. The helper instance can be
				either an instance store or EBS-backed instance and can be deleted when ﬁnished. The
				volume will be the source of the snapshot behind the EBS-backed EMI. </shortdesc>
			<taskbody>
				<context/>
				<steps>
					<step>
						<cmd> Create and launch a help instance. </cmd>
						<info/>
					</step>

					<step>
						<cmd> Create a volume big enough to hold the bootable .img file. </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-create-volume -z &lt;cluster_name> -s
								&lt;size_in_GB></codeph>
						</info>
					</step>

					<step>
						<cmd> Attach the volume to the helper instance. </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-attach-volume &lt;volume-id> -i &lt;instance-id> -d
								&lt;device></codeph>
						</info>
					</step>

					<step>
						<cmd>Log in to the instance and copy the bootable image to the attached
							volume by performing one of the following steps:</cmd>
						<choices>
							<choice>If the bootable image is saved in an http or ftp repository, use
									<codeph>curl</codeph> or <codeph>wget</codeph> to download the
								.img file to the attached volume. For example: <p>
									<codeph>curl &lt;path_to_bootable_image> > &lt;device></codeph>
								</p></choice>
							<choice> If the bootable image is from a source other than an http or
								FTP repository, copy the bootable image from its source to the
								helper instance, and then copy it to the attached volume using the
									<codeph>dd</codeph> command. For example: <p>
									<codeph>dd if=&lt;path_to_bootable_image> of=&lt;device>
										bs=1M</codeph>
								</p></choice>
						</choices>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Detach the volume from the instance:</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-detach-volume &lt;volume-id></codeph>
						</info>
					</step>

					<step>
						<cmd>Create a snapshot of the volume:</cmd>
						<info><codeph>euca-create-snapshot &lt;volume-id></codeph></info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Register the snapshot: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-register --name &lt;image-name> --snapshot &lt;snapshot-id>
								--root-device-name &lt;device></codeph>
						</info>
					</step>
				</steps>
				<result>You've now created a EBS-backed image. To maintain data persistence, be sure
					to use <codeph>euca-stop-instances</codeph> and
						<codeph>euca-start-instances</codeph> to stop and start your EBS-backed
					instance.</result>
			</taskbody>
		</task>
	</task>
</task>
