<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="img_task_modify_existing_image">
    <title>Create an Image from an Existing EBS-Backed Instance</title>
    <shortdesc>A common way to create a new image is to customize an existing instance.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This example shows how to create a new EBS-backed Eucalyptus image
                based on an existing EBS-backed Eucalyptus instance.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Log on to an existing Eucalyptus EBS-backed instance and customize the
                    instance.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Prepare the image. See <xref keyref="prepare_img"/> for instructions.</cmd>
            </step>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a new image based on the image you just modified by using the
                    eucalyptus-create-image command, specifying a name, a description, and the
                    instance ID of the Eucalyptus instance you customized in the previous step. For
                    example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euca-create-image -name "mynewimage" -d "This is my new custom recycled
                        image" i-1ABCDEFF</codeph>
                    <p> This command will show the ID of the new machine image and exit immediately.
                        In the background, Eucalyptus will begin the process of creating a new image
                        based on the instance you supplied.</p>
                    <p>You can monitor the status of the image using the euca-describe-images
                        command, supplying the ID of the image returned from the euca-create-image
                        command. For example: </p>
                    <codeph>euca-describe-images i-e12398ab</codeph>
                    <!--<p>When the image status is listed as "available", your new image will be ready
                        to bundle and upload.</p>-->
                </info>
            </step>
            <!--<step>
                <cmd>Bundle and upload the image. For example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euca-bundle-image -i euca-fedora-10-x86_64/fedora.10.x86-64.img  -\-ramdisk eri-722B3CBA -\-kernel eki-5B3D3859
...
Generating manifest /tmp/fedora.10.x86-64.img.manifest.xml

euca-upload-bundle -b example_rf_bucket -m /tmp/fedora.10.x86-64.img.manifest.xml
...
Generating manifest /tmp/fedora.10.x86-64.img.manifest.xml

euca-register example_rf_bucket/fedora.10.x86-64.img.manifest.xml
IMAGE	 emi-XXXXXXXX
                    </codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>-->
            
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
