<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="img_concept_understanding_images">
	<title>Image Overview</title>
	<shortdesc>An image defines what will run on a guest instance in your Eucalyptus cloud. An image
		contains everything necessary to boot and run an operating system: either one of the Linux
		distributions – CentOS, Fedora, Ubuntu, Debian, etc – or one of the supported Windows server
		versions.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>image <indexterm>defined</indexterm>
					<indexterm>types of</indexterm>
					<indexterm>pre-packaged</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>Images of two types are supported by Eucalyptus: <ul>
				<li><b>HVM images</b> are raw disks that can boot independently. They can contain
					Linux or Windows operating systems. HVM stands for Hardware-assisted Virtual
					Machine because such images can only run efficiently on hardware that supports
					virtualization. When an HVM image is uploaded and registered, it becomes a
					Eucalyptus Machine Image (EMI) of type "hvm", with a unique ID.</li>
				<li><b>Paravirtual images</b> are Linux images that can boot if they are paired with
					a kernel and ramdisk that are compatible with the host's hypervisor. Currently
					only root file system images are supported (on AWS, a paravirtual image can be a
					file system or a full disk). When a paravirtual image is uploaded and
					registered, it also becomes an EMI of "paravirtual" type, which needs to be
					paired with a kernel (EKI) and ramdisk (ERI) images to be usable. EKI contains a
					kernel (i.e., the ‘vmlinuz’ file typically found in the /boot directory of a
					Linux system). ERI contains the kernel modules (i.e., the ‘initrd’ file from the
					/boot directory).</li>
			</ul>
		</p>
		<p>Depending on the method used for upload, an instance's disk will reside on one of two types of
			storage: <ul>
				<li><b>Instance Store - </b> volumes are located on temporary disk space that is destroyed when
					instances shut down. These volumes are based on a template residing in Object
					Storage. Instance Store can host either HVM or paravirtual images.</li>
				<li><b>Elastic Block Store (EBS) - </b> volumes are disks with lifetimes that can be independent
					of instances. These volumes are based on snapshots of EBS volumes (instead of
					templates in Object Storage). Only HVM images can be deployed on EBS in
					Eucalyptus (in AWS, EBS can also host paravirtual images).</li>
			</ul></p>
		<p>To help get you started, Eucalyptus Systems provides pre-packaged virtual machine images that
			are ready to run in your cloud. You can download them from the <xref
				href="http://emis.eucalyptus.com/" format="html" scope="external">Eucalyptus Machine
				Images</xref> page. Both HVM and paravirtual images are available there. Each
			paravirtual image comes bundled with a corresponding EKI and ERI.</p>

		<p>If you find that the pre-packaged images don't meet your needs, you can migrate an image from
			another cloud system (such as Amazon Web Services) or create your own image. See the
			rest of this guide for more information. </p>

		<note type="tip">For a list of supported guest operating systems, go to <xref
				href="https://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/iaas/compatibility"
				scope="external" format="html">Eucalyptus Cloud Compatibility Matrix</xref>.</note>

	</conbody>
</concept>
