<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="img_task_modify_existing_image">
    <title>Create an Image from an Existing Instance-Store Instance</title>
    <shortdesc>A common way to create a new image is to customize an existing instance.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This example shows how to create a new instance store Eucalyptus image based on an
                existing instance store Eucalyptus instance. This topic describes how to create a
                new image by modifying an existing instance-store instance.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>

            <step>
                <cmd>Log on to an existing Eucalyptus instance-store instance and customize the
                    instance. See Prepare a Linux Image for Eucalyptus <xref keyref="prepare_img"/> for instructions on required
                    changes the instance needs before re-bundling. </cmd>
            </step>

            <step>
                <cmd>Create a new image based on the image you just modified by using the
                        <codeph>euca-bundle-instance</codeph> command, specifying a name, a
                    description, and the instance ID of the Eucalyptus instance you customized in
                    the previous step. For example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euca-bundle-instance -b mybundle -p mycentos6 -o $EC2_ACCESS_KEY -w $EC2_SECRET_KEY i-96154365
BUNDLE     bun-96154365     i-96154365     mybundle     mycentos     62013-11-05T21:37:23.469Z2013-11-05T21:37:23.469Z     pending     0</codeblock>
                    <p> This command will the bundle task ID and exit immediately. In the
                        background, Eucalyptus will begin the bundling process. Depending on the
                        size of the instance, it can take several minutes for the bundling task to
                        complete.</p>
                    <p>You can monitor the status of the bundle task using the
                            <codeph>euca-describe-bundle-tasks</codeph> command, supplying the ID of
                        the image returned from the <codeph>eucalyptus-bundle-instance</codeph>
                        command. For example: </p>
                    <codeblock>euca-describe-bundle-tasks
BUNDLE     bun-96154365     i-96154365     mybundle     mycentos6     2013-11-05T21:37:23.469Z2013-11-05T21:37:58.446Z     storing     0</codeblock>
                    <p> </p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once the bundle task is complete, you can register thebundle as an
                    instance-store image using the euca-register command, specifying the path to the
                    bundle manifest in the format <codeph>[bucket]/[prefix].manifest.xml</codeph>. </cmd>
                <info><note>You should always explicitly declare the instance type of a bundle created with
                            <codeph>euca-bundle-instance</codeph> as an HVM type using
                        --virtualization-type parameter. For example: </note></info>
                <info><codeph>euca-register --virtualization-type=hvm
                        mybundle/mycentos6.manifest.xml.</codeph></info>
                
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>Your new image is now ready for use in your Eucalyptus cloud.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
