<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="image_remove">
    <title>Remove an Image</title>
    <shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>image tasks <indexterm>remove an image</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>When a new image is uploaded to Eucalyptus, Eucalyptus saves the bundle and the image
				manifest to a bucket in Walrus. This bucket is stored in the Walrus directory that
				is defined in the Eucalyptus property <codeph>walrusbackend.storageDir</codeph>. The
				default value for this property is <codeph>/var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits</codeph>.</p>
        	
        	<p>When you register an image, Eucalyptus creates the actual image file. Both the image
        		manifest and the bundle must remain intact to run as an instance.</p>
        	
                	<p>To delete an image fully, you must deregister the image and delete the bundle.
                		To successfully remove an image and associated bundle files:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find the image you want to remove.</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>euca-describe-images 
IMAGE   emi-E533392E    alpha/centos.5-3.x86-64.img.manifest.xml    965590394582
available   public   i386    machine eki-345135C9    eri-C4F135BC  instance-store
IMAGE   <b>emi-623C38B0</b>  alpha/ubuntu.9-04.x86-64.img.manifest.xml   965590394582 
available   public   i386    machine eki-E6B13926    eri-94DB3AB9  instance-store</codeblock>
            	</info>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Note the image file name (for example, emi-623C38B0).</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Deregister the image.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca-deregister emi-623C38B0
IMAGE   emi-623C38B0</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Delete the bundle.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca-delete-bundle -b alpha -p ubuntu.9-04.x86-64.img</codeblock>
        			<note type="tip">If you accidentally try to delete a bundle for a second time, you might
        				see an error message: <codeph>problem parsing:
        					/tmp/centos.5-3.x86-64.img.manifest.xml</codeph>. This error only displays if you try to delete a bundle that no longer exists.</note>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<postreq>When you have finished these steps, display all images to confirm that the image was
    		removed.
    	<codeblock>euca-describe-images 
IMAGE   emi-E533392E    alpha/centos.5-3.x86-64.img.manifest.xml    965590394582
available   public   i386    machine eki-345135C9    eri-C4F135BC  instance-store</codeblock>
    	</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
