<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="img_task_create_bfebs_image">
	<title>Create an EBS-Backed Image</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>image tasks <indexterm>create a boot from EBS image </indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p> An EBS-backed image (sometimes referred to as a "bfEBS" image) is an image with a
				root device that is an EBS volume created from an EBS snapshot. An EBS-backed image
				has a number of advantages, including: </p>
			<ul>
				<li>Faster boot time</li>
				<li>Larger volume size limits</li>
				<li>Changes to the data on the image persist after instance termination </li>
			</ul>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<task id="img_task_create_bfebs_image.create_image">
		<title>Create an Image File</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p> You can create an EBS-backed EMI from an existing .img ﬁle or create your own .img ﬁle. One
					way to create your own .img ﬁle is to use virt-install as described below.
					<note>If you already have .img file, skip to the <xref href="img_task_create_bfebs_image.dita#img_task_create_bfebs_image.register_image">Register an EBS-Backed EMI</xref>
						section. </note></p>
				
				<note>Use <codeph>virt-install</codeph> on a system with the same operating system
					version and hypervisor as your Node Controller. If you use an image created by
					virt-install under a different distribution or hypervisor combination, it is
					likely that it will not install the correct drivers into the ramdisk and the
					image will not boot on your Node Controller. </note>
				<p>To create an EBS-backed image file:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the designated host, use the QEMU disk utility to create a disk image.
						For example:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeph>qemu-img create -f raw bfebs.img 2G</codeph>
					</info>
				</step>
				
				<step>
					<cmd>Use <codeph>parted</codeph> to set the disk label:.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>parted bfebs.img mklabel msdos</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Use virt-install to start a new virtual machine installation using the disk
						image you just created: </cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>virt-install --name rhel6 --ram 1024 --os-type linux --os-variant rhel6 \
-c /tmp/media.iso --disk \
path=/tmp/bfebs.img,device=disk,bus=virtio --vnc</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd> Once you have completed the installation, start the virtual machine using
						virt-manager or other libvirt tool of your choice. </cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Configure the virtual machine by connecting to it and making the following
						changes:</cmd>
					<substeps>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Comment out the <codeph>HWADDR</codeph> entry from the
								<filepath>/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0</filepath>
								file. For example:</cmd>
							<info>
								<codeblock>DEVICE="eth0"
BOOTPROTO="dhcp"
#HWADDR="B8:AC:6F:83:1C:45"
IPV6INIT="yes"
MTU="1500"
NM_CONTROLLED="yes"
ONBOOT="yes"
TYPE="Ethernet"
UUID="499c07cc-4a53-408c-87d2-ce0db991648e"
PERSISTENT_DHCLIENT=1</codeblock>
							</info>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Add the following option to the end of
								<codeph>/boot/grub/menu.lst</codeph> to get a serial
								console:</cmd>
							<info>
								<codeph>console=ttyS0</codeph>
							</info>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Remove the <codeph>quiet</codeph> option from the kernel parameters
								and grub menu splash image in the
								<codeph><filepath>/boot/grub/menu.lst</filepath></codeph>
								file.</cmd>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Add the following line to the
								<codeph>/etc/sysconfig/network</codeph> file to disable the
								zeroconf route, which can interfere with access to the metadata
								service:</cmd>
							<info><codeph>NOZEROCONF=yes </codeph></info>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Edit
								<codeph><filepath>/etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules</filepath></codeph>
								and remove the entry for the existing NIC.</cmd>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Copy the Eucalyptus <codeph>rc.local</codeph> file from
								https://github.com/eucalyptus/Eucalyptus-Scripts/blob/master/rc.local.</cmd>
						</substep>
					</substeps>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="img_task_create_bfebs_image.register_image">
		<title>Register an EBS-Backed EMI</title>
		<shortdesc>Creating an EBS-backed EMI will require initial assistance from a helper instance. The
			helper instance can be either an instance store or EBS-backed instance and can be
			deleted when ﬁnished. It only exists to help create the initial volume that will be the
			source of the snapshot behind the EBS-backed EMI. </shortdesc>
		<taskbody>
			<context/>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd> Create and launch a help instance. </cmd>
					<info/>
				</step>
				
				<step>
					<cmd> Create a volume big enough to hold the bootable .img file. </cmd>
					<info>
						<codeph>euca-create-volume -z &lt;cluster_name> -s &lt;size_in_GB></codeph>
					</info>
				</step>
				
				<step>
					<cmd> Attach the volume to the helper instance. </cmd>
					<info>
						<codeph>euca-attach-volume &lt;volume-id> -i &lt;instance-id> -d
							&lt;device></codeph>
					</info>
				</step>
				
				<step>
					<cmd>Log in to the instance and copy the bootable image to the attached volume by performing
						one of the following steps:</cmd>
					<choices>
						<choice>If the bootable image is saved in an http or ftp repository, use <codeph>curl</codeph>
							or <codeph>wget</codeph> to download the .img file to the attached
							volume. For example: 
							<p>
								<codeph>curl &lt;path_to_bootable_image> > &lt;device></codeph>
							</p></choice>
						<choice> If the bootable image is from a source other than an http or FTP repository, copy the
							bootable image from its source to the helper instance, and then copy it
							to the attached volume using the <codeph>dd</codeph> command. For
							example: <p>
								<codeph>dd if=&lt;path_to_bootable_image> of=&lt;device>
									bs=1M</codeph>
							</p></choice>
					</choices>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Detach the volume from the instance:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeph>euca-detach-volume &lt;volume-id></codeph>
					</info>
				</step>
				
				<step>
					<cmd>Create a snapshot of the volume:</cmd>
					<info><codeph>euca-create-snapshot &lt;volume-id></codeph></info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd> Register the snapshot: </cmd>
					<info>
						<codeph>euca-register --name &lt;image-name> --snapshot &lt;snapshot-id>
							--root-device-name &lt;device></codeph>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<result>You've now created a EBS-backed image. To maintain data persistence, be sure to use
				<codeph>euca-stop-instances</codeph> and <codeph>euca-start-instances</codeph>
				to stop and start your EBS-backed instance.</result>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
