<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="img_task_install_os_to_image">
    <title>Create an HVM Image from a Linux Distribution ISO (KVM)</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic shows how to install a Linux distribution ISO and prepare an image for
        registration with Eucalyptus.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context/>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use the QEMU disk utility to create a disk image. In the following example, we
                    create a 5GB disk image:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>qemu-img create -f raw centos7.img 5G</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Use the <codeph>parted</codeph> utility to set the disk label. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>parted centos7.img mklabel msdos</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Use <codeph>virt-install</codeph> to start a new virtual machine installation,
                    as in the following example (note the example has been broken into multiple
                    lines for formatting purposes): </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>virt-install --name centos7 --ram 1024 --os-type linux --os-variant rhel7 
 -c /tmp/CentOS-7.0-x86_64-bin-DVD1.iso --disk path=/tmp/centos7.img,device=disk,bus=virtio 
 --graphics vnc,listen=0.0.0.0 --force </codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use the VNC client of your choice to connect to the new virtual machine and
                    complete the installation.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Modify the following <codeph>libvirt.xml</codeph> template to create the VM
                    and run <codeph>virsh create &lt;libvirt.xml&gt;"</codeph>. </cmd>

                <info>
                    <codeblock> <![CDATA[<domain type='kvm'>
    <name>eucalyptus-centos</name>
    <os>
        <type>hvm</type>
    </os>
    <features>
        <acpi/>
    </features>
    <memory>1073741</memory>
    <vcpu>1</vcpu>
    <devices>
        <!--<emulator>/usr/bin/kvm</emulator>-->
        <disk type='file'>
            <source file='/tmp/centos7.img'/>
            <target dev='hda'/>
        </disk>
     <interface type='bridge'>
         <source bridge='br0'/>
         <model type='virtio'/>
     </interface>
        <graphics type='vnc' port='-1' autoport='yes' listen='0.0.0.0'/>
    </devices>
</domain>]]></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect to the virtual machine using your VNC client of choice and make the
                    following configuration changes:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Modify the <codeph>/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0</codeph>
                            file and set the <codeph>ONBOOT</codeph> option to "yes". For
                            example:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>DEVICE="eth0"
BOOTPROTO="dhcp"
#HWADDR="B8:AC:6F:83:1C:45"
IPV6INIT="yes"
MTU="1500"
NM_CONTROLLED="yes"
ONBOOT="yes"
TYPE="Ethernet"
UUID="499c07cc-4a53-408c-87d2-ce0db991648e"
PERSISTENT_DHCLIENT=1</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enable a serial console on the virtual machine by adding the following
                            option to the end of the /boot/grub/menu.lst: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>console=ttyS0</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Remove the <codeph>quiet</codeph> option from the kernel parameters
                            and the grub menu splash image in the
                                <codeph>/boot/grub/menu.lst</codeph> file. For example: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock># grub.conf generated by anaconda
#
# Note that you do not have to rerun grub after making changes to this file
# NOTICE:  You have a /boot partition.  This means that
#          all kernel and initrd paths are relative to /boot/, eg.
#          root (hd0,0)
#          kernel /vmlinuz-version ro root=/dev/sda2
#          initrd /initrd-[generic-]version.img
#boot=/dev/sda
default=0
timeout=5
#splashimage=(hd0,0)/grub/splash.xpm.gz
hiddenmenu
title Eucalyptus (n.n.32-358.18.1.el7.x86_64)
	root (hd0,0)
	kernel /vmlinuz-n.n.32-358.18.1.el7.x86_64 ro root=UUID=062b9c31-95f3-424f-8b47-35107cfdfc08 rd_NO_LUKS rd_NO_LVM LANG=en_US.UTF-8 rd_NO_MD SYSFONT=latarcyrheb-sun16 crashkernel=auto  KEYBOARDTYPE=pc KEYTABLE=us rd_NO_DM rhgb
	initrd /initramfs-n.n.32-358.18.1.el7.x86_64.img</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Add the following line to the <codeph>/etc/sysconfig/network</codeph>
                            file to disable the zeroconf route, which can interfere with access to
                            the metadata service: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>NOZEROCONF=yes</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Edit the <codeph>/etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules</codeph>
                            file and remove all entries for the existing network interface. Make
                            sure that you delete all entries before terminating the virtual machine
                            and registering it with Eucalyptus. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Eucalyptus instances use cloud-init to specify actions to run on your instance
                    at boot time, which can be passed using the userdata parameter. To install and
                    configure <codeph>cloud-init</codeph> on your instance:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Install cloud-init:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock># rpm -Uvh http://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-7.noarch.rpm
# yum install cloud-init</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>By default, cloud-init uses ec2-user as the log-in user. Add ec2-user
                            to your instance and give it appropriate sudo permissions:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock> # adduser ec2-user
 # passwd ec2-user</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Run visudo and add the following entries at the bottom of the sudoers
                            file:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>## Allow root to run any commands anywhere
     root    ALL=(ALL)       ALL 
     ec2-user        ALL=(ALL)       NOPASSWD: ALL  </codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> You can optionally copy Eucalyptus <codeph>rc.local</codeph> file
                            (available at <xref
                                href="https://github.com/eucalyptus/Eucalyptus-Scripts/blob/master/rc.local"
                                scope="external" format="html"/>) to the <codeph>/etc</codeph>
                            directory on your virtual machine and modify it as needed. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>You now have a raw disk file that can be installed using instructions in the <xref
                href="img_task_install_hvm_image.dita#img_task_install_hvm_image">Install an HVM
                image</xref> section.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
