<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_5f1_pjm_1h">
 <title>Installation Methods</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>There are several different ways to install Eucalyptus. These include:<ul id="ul_r3p_tjm_1h">
        <li>Standard package installation</li>
        <li>Subscription  package installation</li>
        <li>FastStart</li>
        <li>Nightly build package installation</li>
        <li>Source file installation</li>
      </ul></p>
  <p>This course focuses on the standard package method.</p>
  <p>Eucalyptus can be installed from packages.  Package installation is described in the Eucalyptus
      Installation Guide at http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs.   There are two types of package
      installation.  You can install just the standard open source packages or you can install the
      standard open source packages plus the subscription-only SAN and VMware packages.   The two
      package installation methods are very similar.  The main difference is that the
      subscription-only software can be installed only by using a Eucalyptus-supplied private key
      and entitlement certificate that enables the installer to access a special software repository
      that contains the add-on software.</p>
    <p>Eucalyptus offers FastStart installation, a suite of installation tools that allows
            installation and configuration of proof-of -concept or more complex, multi-host
            Eucalyptus deployments. It is a generalized installer for Eucalyptus that provisions
            from bare metal to a cloud.  You can download a FastStart ISO image from the Eucalyptus
            Web site or you can build your own FastStart ISO image by downloading the FastStart
            software from Eucalyptus. </p>
  <p>Eucalyptus also allows customers to download and install the latest versions of Eucalyptus
      which are called the nightly builds.  They should be considered unstable, bleeding-edge
      software and should not be installed in production environments.  Nightly builds use the same
      installation steps as a normal install from packages installation but access a different
      download path in order to get the latest software.</p>
  <p>Eucalyptus can also be installed from source code.   Source code is available on Github at
                <xref href="https://github.com/eucalyptus" format="html" scope="external"
                >https://github.com/eucalyptus</xref>.</p>
  <p/>
 </conbody>
</concept>
