<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="roles_concept">
 <title>Roles</title>
 <shortdesc/>
 <conbody>
  <p>A <i>role</i> is a mechanism that allows applications to request temporary security credentials
   on a user or application's behalf.  </p>
  <p>A role lets you define a set of permissions to access the resources that a user or service
   needs, but the permissions are not attached to an IAM user or group. Instead, at run time,
   applications or other Eucalyptus services can programmatically assume the role. When a role is
   assumed, the Eucalyptus Euare service (like the AWS IAM service) returns temporary security
   credentials that can then be used to make programmatic requests to resources in your account.
   This eliminates the need to share or hardcode security credentials with applications that need
   access to resources in your cloud. </p>
  <p> A role is associated with a Eucalyptus account, and has one or more <i><xref
     href="access_policies.dita">policies</xref></i> associated with it that defines which resources
   and services owned by that account that the role is allowed to access. </p>
  <note importance="high">Eucalyptus roles are managed through Eucalyptus' Euare service, which is
   compatible with Amazon's Identity and Access Management service. For more information on IAM and
   roles, please see the <xref
    href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/WorkingWithRoles.html">Amazon IAM User
    Guide</xref>.</note>
  <section id="roles_usage_scenarios">
   <title>Usage Scenarios for Roles</title>
   <p>There are several scenarios in which roles can be useful, including:</p>
   <p><b>Applications</b></p>
   <p>Applications running on instances in your Eucalyptus cloud will often need access to other resources in your cloud. Instead of creating AWS credentials for each application, or distributing your own credentials,,
    you can use roles to enable you to delegate permission to the application to make API requests. For more information, see ** INSERT LINK TO TASK HERE ***</p>
   <p><b>Account Delegation</b></p>
   <p>You can use roles to allow one account to access resources owned by another account. For more information, see ** INSERT LINK TO TASK HERE ***</p>
  </section>
  <section id="roles_concept_predefined">
   <title>Pre-Defined Roles</title>
   <p> Eucalyptus currently offers the following pre-defined privileged personas: </p>
   <p><b>Cloud Super Administrator</b></p>
   <p>The Cloud Super Administrator (CSA) is the super user, and can perform any privileged
    operation in Eucalyptus. The CSA can also delegate these privileges. The CSA is the only user
    who can create, modify, and delete privileged policies. The CSA is also the only user who can
    assign these policies to users.</p>
   <p><b>Cloud Account Administrator</b></p>
   <p> The Cloud Account Administrator (CAA) can manage Eucalyptus accounts. </p>
   <p><b>Cloud Resource Administrator</b></p>
   <p>The Cloud Resource Administrator (CRA) can manage AWS-defined resources (such as S3 objects,
    instances, users, etc) across accounts</p>
   <p><b>Infrastructure Administrator</b></p>
   <p>The Infrastructre Administrator (IA) can perform operations related to system setup and
    management. Typical responibilities include:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>Installation and configuration (prepare environment, install Eucalyptus, configure
     Eucalyptus)</li>
    <li>Monitoring and maintenance (infrastructure supporting the cloud, cloud management layer,
     upgrades, security patches, diagnostics and troubleshooting)</li>
    <li>Backup and restoration</li>
   </ul>
   <p>To use a role:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>Define which AWS accounts or services can use the role</li>
    <li>Define which resources and actions the application can use</li>
    <li>Specify the role when you launch your instances</li>
    <li>Have the application retrieve a set of </li>
   </ul>
  </section>

 </conbody>
</concept>
