<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="access_credentials">
	<title>Credentials</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes the different types of credentials used by Eucalyptus.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus credentials</keyword>
				<indexterm>credentials</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<p>Each user has a unique set of credentials. These credentials are used
			to authenticate access to resources. There are three types of
			credentials:</p>

		<ul>


			<li>An <b>X.509 certificate</b> is used to authenticate requests to
				the SOAP API service.</li>

			<li>A <b>secret access key</b> is used to authenticate requests to
				the REST API service.</li>
		</ul>

		<p>You can manage credentials using the command line tools (the
				<codeph>euare-</codeph> commands). For more information about the command line
			tools, see the <xref
				href="../euca2ools-guide/index.dita">Euca2ools Reference Guide</xref>. </p>

		<p>In IAM, each account has its own credentials. In Eucalyptus, the
			equivalent of account credentials are the credentials of admin user
			of the account.</p>
		<p>You can download the full set of credentials for a user or an
			account, including X509 certificate and secret access key, by:</p>

		<codeblock>/usr/sbin/euca_conf --get-credentials</codeblock>
		<p>or:</p>
		<codeblock>euca-get-credentials</codeblock>

		<p>Eucalyptus returns the following:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>An arbitrary existing active secret access key</li>
			<li>A newly generated X509 certificate</li>
		</ul>

	</conbody>
	<!--<related-links>
		<link href=""></link>
		
	</related-links>-->
</concept>
