<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="personas_concept">
 <title>Personas</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p> A <i>persona</i> is simply a pre-defined set of roles.  Personas are a Eucalyptus
   extension to IAM.</p><p> Eucalyptus currently offers the following pre-defined
    privileged personas: </p>
  <p><b>Cloud Super Admin</b></p>
  <p>The Cloud Super Admin (CSA) is the super user, and can perform any privileged
   operation in Eucalyptus. The CSA can also delegate these privileges. The CSA is the
   only user who can create, modify, and delete privileged policies. The CSA is also
   the only user who can assign these policies to users.</p>
  <p><b>Cloud Account Admin</b></p>
  <p> The Cloud Account Admin (CAA) can manage Eucalyptus accounts. </p>
  <p><b>Cloud Resource Admin</b></p>
  <p>The Cloud Resource Admin (CRA) can manage AWS-defined resources (such as S3 objects,
   instances, users, etc) across accounts</p>
  <p><b>Infrastructure Admin</b></p>
  <p>The Infrastructre Admin (IA) can perform operations related to system setup and
   management. Typical responibilities include:</p><ul>
    <li>installation and configuration (prepare environment, install Eucalyptus,
     configure Eucalyptus)</li>
    <li>monitoring and maintenance (infrastructure supporting the cloud, cloud
     management layer, upgrades, security patches, diagnostics and
     troubleshooting)</li>
    <li>backup and restore</li>
   </ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
