<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="backup_euca">
    <title>Back Up <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Cloud Data</title>
    <shortdesc>This section explains what you need to back up and protect your cloud
		data.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>We recommend that you back up the following data:</p>
        	<ul>
        		<li>The cloud database: see <xref href="backup_postgres.dita"/></li>
        		<li>Object storage. For objects in Walrus, the frequency depends on current load. Use your
					own discretion to determine the  backup plan and strategy. You must have Walrus
					running.
        			<ul>
        				<li>Bucket and object metadata are stored in the cloud database. See <xref href="backup_postgres.dita"/>.</li>
        				<li>In Walrus, the object data in the buckets are stored in <filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits</filepath>
        				on all host machines running the Walrus Backend service. Back up this entire directory tree. If the total 
        				size of your objects is not too large for a tar file, you can use the tar command. For example:
        				<codeblock>tar -czvf ~/eucalyptus-objects.tgz /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits</codeblock></li>
        				<li>For information about backing up Riak, see <xref
								href="https://github.com/basho/basho_docs/blob/master/content/riak/kv/2.1.4/using/cluster-operations/backing-up.md"
								format="html" scope="external"/>. 
        					<!-- Riak docs are currently forbidden (due to Basho company status) <xref
								href="http://docs.basho.com/riak/latest/ops/running/backups/"
								scope="external" format="html">Backing Up Riak</xref>-->
        				</li>
        			</ul>
        		</li>
        		<li>EBS volumes in each cluster (DAS and Overlay)
        		<ul>
        			<li>Ensure that the system is quiescent enough that volumes are unlikely to be written while backing up these files.</li>
        			<li>In DAS mode, use LVM to manage and preserve your volumes.</li>
        			<li>In Overlay mode, volumes are stored in
								<filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes</filepath> on all host
							machines running the Storage Controller (SC) service. Back up this
							entire directory tree, which also contains snapshots in DAS and Overlay
							modes.</li></ul>
        		</li>
        		<li>The configuration file for the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					cloud is stored on the CLC:
					<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>.</li>
        		<li>Any configuration file for the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					cloud stored on any other host (UFS, CC, etc.):
						<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>.</li>
        		<li>The cloud security credentials on all hosts (you already backed up the CLC keys as part of the database
        			backup). Use the tar command: 
        			<codeblock>tar -czvf ~/eucalyptus-keydir.tgz /var/lib/eucalyptus/keys</codeblock>.</li>
				<li>The CC and NC configuration files, stored on every CC and NC: 
					<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/httpd.conf</filepath>.</li>
        		<li>Any Euca2ools (.ini) configuration files, which reside on any Euca2ools host machine.
					Files can be found in: <ul>
						<li><filepath>/etc/euca2ools/euca2ools.ini</filepath></li>
						<li><filepath>/etc/euca2ools/conf.d/*.ini</filepath></li>
						<li><filepath>~/.euca/*.ini</filepath>, for any user's home directory.</li>
					</ul><note>Others besides the root user can have a ~/.euca directory, and any
						user might have more than one file in that directory. The user "joe" might have
							<filepath>/home/joe/.euca</filepath> with
							<filepath>joe_as_viewer.ini</filepath> and
							<filepath>joe_as_admin.ini</filepath> files.</note></li>
        		<li>Management Console config files in <codeph>/etc/eucaconsole</codeph> should be backed
					up. Typical files:
					<codeblock>-rw------- 1 eucaconsole eucaconsole 1505 Jul 19 20:32 console.crt
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root        root        4848 Jul 19 18:06 console.ini
-rw------- 1 eucaconsole eucaconsole 1704 Jul 19 20:32 console.key
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root        root         116 Jul 19 18:06 memcached
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root        root        2969 Jul 19 18:06 nginx.conf
-rw-r----- 1 root        eucaconsole  119 Jul 19 20:32 session-keys.ini</codeblock></li>
				<li>Ensure you have your instances' <xref
						href="../user-guide/create_keypairs.dita#create_keypairs">private ssh key
						files stored safely</xref> so you can access the instances later.</li>
        		<li><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> and LVM snapshots <ul>
						<li>Ensure that the system is quiescent enough that snapshots are unlikely
							to be written while backing up these files.</li>
						<li><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> EBS snapshots for DAS
							and Overlay modes are stored in
								<filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes</filepath> on all host
							machines running the Storage Controller (SC) service. Back up this
							entire directory tree, which also contains EBS volumes in Overlay mode
							only. </li>
					</ul></li>
        		<li>SAN technologies vary, so see the backup documentation for your SAN.</li>
        	</ul>
        	<p>Users are responsible for volume backups using EBS snapshots on their defined schedules.</p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
