<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="configure_advanced_storage_netapp_properties">
 <title>Configurable NetApp SAN Properties</title>
 <shortdesc>This topic lists the NetApp SAN-specific properties you can configure using
   <codeph>euca-modify-property</codeph>, along with their valid values and Eucalyptus default
  values.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>

  <note importance="high">The following configuration options are a subset of the Netapp SAN
   configuration parameters. Changing these default values may cause storage operations to fail.
   Please proceed at your own risk. For more information on NetApp configuration, please refer to
   the <xref format="html"
    href="http://support.netapp.com/documentation/bytypedocweb/index.html?productID=30094&amp;subtypeID=61030"
    >NetApp Data ONTAP 7G documentation</xref> and the <xref format="html"
    href="http://support.netapp.com/documentation/bytypedocweb/index.html?productID=30092&amp;subtypeID=61030"
    >NetApp Data ONTAP 8G documentation</xref> (these links require you to register and login). </note>
  <section id="configure_advanced_storage_netapp_properties.bothmodes">
   <title>7-Mode and Cluster Mode Properties</title>
   <p>The following table lists properties that are applicable to both 7-mode and cluster mode:</p>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Eucalyptus Property</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Valid Values</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>

      <!-- 3.4.1 properties start here -->

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.enablespacereservation</entry>
       <entry>LUN space reservation determines when space for the LUN is reserved or allocated from
        the flex volume. With reservations enabled the space is subtracted from the volume total
        when the LUN is created. If reservations are disabled, space is first taken out of the
        volume as writes to the LUN are performed. </entry>
       <entry>Default value: true</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.enablededup</entry>
       <entry>Data deduplication removes duplicate blocks, storing only unique blocks of data in the
        flex volume, and it creates a small amount of additional metadata in the process. It is
        disabled by default. &lt;region>.storage.enablecompression must be <codeph>false</codeph>
        before disabling deduplication.</entry>
       <entry>Default value: false</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.enablecompression</entry>
       <entry>Data compression is a software-based solution that provides transparent data
        compression. It has the ability to run either as an inline process as data is written to
        disk or as a scheduled process. Compression is disabled by default.
        &lt;region>.storage.enablededup must be true before enabling data compression.
        &lt;region>.storage.enableinlinecompression must be false before disabling
        compression.</entry>
       <entry>Default value: false</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.enableinlinecompression</entry>
       <entry>When data compression is configured for inline operation, data is compressed in memory
        before it is written to disk. It is disabled by default.
        &lt;region>.storage.enablecompression must be true before enabling inline
        compression.</entry>
       <entry>Default value: false</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.dedupschedule</entry>
       <entry>Schedule string for the dedup and or compression operation on flex volumes.
         <codeph>&lt;region>.storage.enablededup</codeph> must be <codeph>true</codeph> before
        configuring the schedule. If the schedule is not configured, NetApp applies a default
        schedule to the flex volume. In Cluster-Mode, either the schedule or the policy can be
        configured for the flex volume. Both cannot be configured together. The format of the
        schedule string is: “day_list@hour_list” or “hour_list@day_list” or ”-” or “auto”. day_list
        specifies which days of the week the sis operation should run. It is a comma-separated list
        of the first three letters of the day: sun, mon, tue, wed, thu, fri, sat. Day ranges such as
        mon-fri can also be used. hour_list specifies which hours of the day the sis operation
        should run on each scheduled day. hour_list is a comma-separated list of the integers from 0
        to 23. Hour ranges such as 8-17 are allowed. Step values can be used in conjunction with
        ranges. If ”-” is specified, no schedule is set. The “auto” schedule string means the sis
        operation will be triggered by the amount of new data written to the volume.</entry>
       <entry>Default value: n/a</entry>
      </row>

      <!-- 3.4.1 properties end here -->

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.lunostype</entry>
       <entry>The operating system of the host accessing the LUN. This determines the layout of the
        data on the LUN, the geometry used to access that data, and property offsets for the LUN to
        ensure it is properly aligned with the upper layers of the file system </entry>
       <entry>Default value: linux<p>Valid values: <codeph>solaris</codeph>,
          <codeph>Solaris_efi</codeph>, <codeph>windows</codeph>, <codeph>windows_gpt</codeph>,
          <codeph>windows_2008</codeph>, <codeph>hpux</codeph>, <codeph>aix</codeph>,
          <codeph>linux</codeph>, <codeph>netware</codeph>, <codeph>vmware</codeph>,
          <codeph>xen</codeph>, or <codeph>hyper_v</codeph></p></entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.initiatorostype</entry>
       <entry> Operating system type of the hypervisor hosting the instances.</entry>
       <entry>Default value: linux <p>Valid values: <codeph>solaris</codeph>,
          <codeph>windows</codeph>, <codeph>hpux</codeph>, <codeph>aix</codeph>,
          <codeph>linux</codeph>, <codeph>netware</codeph>, <codeph>vmware</codeph>,
          <codeph>xen</codeph>, or <codeph>hyper_v</codeph></p></entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.fractionalreserve</entry>
       <entry>The percentage of space reserved for overwrites of reserved objects (LUNs or files) in
        a volume.</entry>
       <entry>0-100; default is 0</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.noatimeupdate</entry>
       <entry>Prevents the update of inode access times when a file is read.</entry>
       <entry>"on" (default) or "off"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.tryfirst</entry>
       <entry>Determines if the volume size is increased before deleting snapshots if
         <codeph>enableautosize</codeph> property is "true".</entry>
       <entry>"volume_grow" (default) or "snap_delete"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.guarantee</entry>
       <entry>Controls space reservation for flexible volumes. See the NetApp SDK documentation for
        more information.</entry>
       <entry>"none", "file", or "volume" (default)</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.enableautosize</entry>
       <entry>Toggles the flex volume autosize feature.</entry>
       <entry>"true" (default) or "false"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.volautosizemaxmultiplier</entry>
       <entry>Flex volume's maximum size allowed, specified as a multiple of the original
        size</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 1; default is 3</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.volautosizeincrementinmb</entry>
       <entry>Flex volume's increment size in megabytes.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 1; default is 256</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snappercent</entry>
       <entry>Additional space reserved on the flex volume to store automatic and manual snapshots
        created outside of Eucalyptus. The amount of space to be reserved is specified as a
        percentage of the flex volume.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 0; default is 0</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.aggregate</entry>
       <entry>Aggregates that can be used to create and manage volumes and snapshots. If a list of
        aggregates is configured, Eucalyptus will pick one based on
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.uselargestaggregate strategy. If no aggregate is provided Eucalyptus
        will query the NetApp SAN for available aggregates and choose one based
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.uselargestaggregate strategy. </entry>
       <entry>Comma-separated string</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.uselargestaggregate</entry>
       <entry>If set to “true” Eucalyptus will pick the largest available aggregate from a list of
        aggregates. If set to “false” the smallest available aggregate will be chosen.</entry>
       <entry>"true" (default) or "false"</entry>
      </row>


     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
  <section id="configure_advanced_storage_netapp_properties.7mode">
   <title>7-Mode Properties</title>
   <p>The following properties are specific to 7-mode:</p>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Eucalyptus Property</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Valid Values</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.convertucode</entry>
       <entry>Setting this option to "on" forces conversion of all directories to UNICODE format
        when accessed from both NFS and CIFS.</entry>
       <entry>"on" (default) or "off"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.createucode</entry>
       <entry>Setting this option to "on" forces UNICODE format directories to be created by default
        from NFS and CIFS.</entry>
       <entry>"on" (default) or "off"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snapschedweeks</entry>
       <entry>Number of weekly snapshots to keep online.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 0; default is 0</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snapscheddays</entry>
       <entry>Number of daily snapshots to keep online.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 0; default is 0</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snapschedhours</entry>
       <entry>Number of hourly snapshots to keep online.</entry>
       <entry>Integer &gt;= 0; default is 0</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.nosnap</entry>
       <entry> Disable automatic snapshots. If set to “true”, snapshot scheduling properties
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.snapschedweeks and &lt;region&gt;.storage.snapscheddays and
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.snapschedhours are ignored, and the SC transmits the default value
        (0) in their place to the NetApp SAN. </entry>
       <entry>"true" (default) or "false"</entry>
      </row>

     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>

  <section id="configure_advanced_storage_netapp_properties.clustermode">
   <title>Cluster Mode Properties</title>
   <p>The following properties are cluster mode specific:</p>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Eucalyptus Property</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Valid Values</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.snapshotpolicy</entry>
       <entry> Snapshot retention policy determines how long the scheduled snapshots in the reserve
        are kept before being deleted automatically. This applies to automatic snapshots
        only.</entry>
       <entry>String; default is "none"</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.autosnapshots</entry>
       <entry> Disable automatic snapshots. If set to “false” snapshot scheduling policy defined by
        &lt;region&gt;.storage.snapshotpolicy is igonred and SC transmitts the default value
        (“none”) in its place to the NetApp SAN. </entry>
       <entry>"true" (default) or "false"</entry>
      </row>

      <!-- 3.4.1 properties start here -->

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.deduppolicy</entry>
       <entry> Name of the sis policy to be attached to flex volumes in cluster-mode.
        &lt;region>.storage.enablededup must be true before configuring the policy. Either the
        schedule or the policy can be configured for the flex volume. Both cannot be configured
        together.</entry>
       <entry>Default value: n/a</entry>
      </row>

      <row>
       <entry>&lt;region&gt;.storage.portset</entry>
       <entry> Name of the portset to bind to an igroup in cluster-mode. Port sets are collections
        of iSCSI ports/LIFs. A port set can be used to restrict access to the LUN by making it
        visible only through target ports that are contained in the port set definition.</entry>
       <entry>Default value: n/a</entry>
      </row>
      
      <!-- 3.4.1 properties start here -->

     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>

 </conbody>
</concept>
