<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="euca_recover">
    <title>Recover <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Cloud Data</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic explains what to include when you recover your cloud.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
    	<prereq>
    		<note type="important">If you are recovering cloud data during an upgrade from RHEL / CentOS 6
				to RHEL / CentOS 7, be aware of these special situations:<ol>
					<li>The file ownership might not be the same as it was on RHEL / CentOS 6.</li>
					<li>The file's SELinux security context might not be applied correctly on RHEL /
						CentOS 7, since <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> did not
						support SELinux on RHEL / CentOS 6.</li>
				</ol>
				<p><b>File Ownership</b></p>
				<p>The ownership of a restored file depends on how it was backed up to another
					machine over the network:</p><ul>
					<li>The <codeph>tar -xvf</codeph> Linux command sets the owner of each file it
						extracts to the same username and group name as the system on which it is
						being extracted. If those names exist, then the owner will be set
						appropriately, which will always be the case for <ph
							conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> files. This is the
						recommended approach, except for large file sets that are too big to fit in
						a tar file.</li>
					<li>The <codeph>rsync</codeph> Linux command saves the owner (e.g.,
							<codeph>eucalyptus:eucalyptus</codeph>) as its numeric user ID (UID) and
						group (ID) (e.g., <codeph>498:498</codeph>). When you <codeph>rsync</codeph>
						it back, it restores the UID and GID (e.g., <codeph>498:498</codeph>),
						regardless of the UID/GID of the same owner's username and group name. For
						example, <codeph>eucalyptus:eucalyptus</codeph> on RHEL 7 on the upgraded
						host might have a UID and GID of <codeph>994:991</codeph>. So, the file will
						no longer be owned by the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user.</li>
					<li>The <codeph>scp -p</codeph> Linux command preserves a file's modified time
						and its permission bits, but it does not preserve the owner. When you
							<codeph>scp</codeph> it back, the file may not have the same owner as
						the original file did.</li>
				</ul><p>Any file whose owner is different from the file's owner on RHEL 6 must be
					changed with a command such as <codeph>chown eucalyptus:eucalyptus
						FILENAME</codeph>, or for a directory tree, <codeph>chown -R
						eucalyptus:eucalyptus DIRNAME</codeph>.</p>
				<p><b>Security Context</b></p>
				<p>Because <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> on RHEL 6 did not
					support SELinux, the SELinux security contexts of <ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>-created files were not
					defined. When you restore a backed-up file to a directory on RHEL 7 which is not
					its final directory destination (such as recovering a set of files from a backup
					machine over the network and then distributing them to their correct
					directories), the security context may not be correct. After moving such files
					to their correct directories, run the <codeph>restorecon</codeph> command on all
					such files. For example: <codeph>restorecon /etc/eucalyptus/*.conf</codeph>
				</p><p>In contrast, if you restore a file from its backup machine directly to its
					correct destination directory, the SELinux security context will be applied
					correctly. Likewise, if you copy a tar backup file from a backup machine (e.g.,
						<codeph>eucalyptus-keydir.tgz</codeph>) to any directory, and run the
						<codeph>tar -xvf</codeph> command to extract its files to the correct
					destination directory, the security context will be applied correctly.</p>
				<p>To view the security context of a file, use the <codeph>ls -Z</codeph>
					command.</p></note>
    		
    	</prereq>
    	
    	<context><p><b>Recovering Your Cloud Data</b></p>
    		
    		<note>When you recover your cloud data, you need to stop all services, recover the files, then start all services again.</note>

        	<p>We recommend that you recover the following data:</p>
        	<ul>
        		<li>The cloud database: see <xref href="restore_postgres.dita"/></li>
        		<li>Object storage. For objects in Walrus, the frequency depends on current load. Use your
					own discretion to determine the restore plan and strategy.<ul>
						<li>Bucket and object metadata are stored in the cloud database. See <xref
								href="restore_postgres.dita"/>.</li>
						<li>In Walrus, the object data in the buckets are stored in
								<filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits</filepath> on all host
							machines running the Walrus Backend service. Restore this entire
							directory tree. If the total size of your objects is not too large for a
							tar file, you can use the tar command. For example:
							<codeblock>tar -xzvf ~/eucalyptus-objects.tgz -C /</codeblock></li>
						<li>For information about restoring Riak CS, go to <xref
							href="https://docs.basho.com/riak/kv/2.1.4/using/repair-recovery/failure-recovery/#cluster-recovery-from-backups"
								scope="external" format="html">Cluster Recovery From Backups</xref>.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
        		<li>EBS volumes in each cluster (DAS and Overlay)
        			<ul>
        				<li>Ensure that the system is quiescent enough that volumes are unlikely to be written
							while restoring these files.</li>
        				<li>In DAS mode, use LVM to manage and preserve your volumes.</li>
        				<li>In Overlay mode, volumes are stored in
								<filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes</filepath> on all host
							machines running the Storage Controller (SC) service. Restore this
							entire directory tree, which also contains snapshots in DAS and Overlay
							modes.</li>
        			</ul>
        		</li>
        		<li>The configuration file for the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					cloud is stored on the CLC:
					<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>.</li>
        		<li>Any configuration file for the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					cloud stored on any other host (UFS, CC, etc.):
						<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>.</li>
        		<li>The cloud security credentials on all hosts (you already restored the CLC keys as part of the database
        			restore). Use the tar command: 
        			<codeblock>tar -xvf ~/eucalyptus-keydir.tgz -C /</codeblock>.</li>
        		<li>The CC and NC configuration files, stored on every CC and NC: 
        			<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/httpd.conf</filepath>.</li>
        		<li>Any Euca2ools (.ini) configuration files, which reside on any Euca2ools host machine.
					Files in these directories:<ul>
						<li><filepath>/etc/euca2ools/euca2ools.ini</filepath></li>
						<li><filepath>/etc/euca2ools/conf.d/*.ini</filepath></li>
						<li><filepath>~/.euca/*.ini</filepath>, for any user's home directory.</li>
					</ul><note>Others besides the root user can have a ~/.euca directory, and any
						user might have more than one file in that directory. The user "joe" might
						have <filepath>/home/joe/.euca</filepath> with
							<filepath>joe_as_viewer.ini</filepath> and
							<filepath>joe_as_admin.ini</filepath> files.</note></li>
        		<li>Management Console config files you backed up from <codeph>/etc/eucaconsole</codeph>
					should be restored. Typical files:
					<codeblock>-rw------- 1 eucaconsole eucaconsole 1505 Jul 19 20:32 console.crt
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root        root        4848 Jul 19 18:06 console.ini
-rw------- 1 eucaconsole eucaconsole 1704 Jul 19 20:32 console.key
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root        root         116 Jul 19 18:06 memcached
-rwxr-xr-x 1 root        root        2969 Jul 19 18:06 nginx.conf
-rw-r----- 1 root        eucaconsole  119 Jul 19 20:32 session-keys.ini</codeblock></li>
        		<li>Ensure you have your instances' <xref
        			href="../user-guide/create_keypairs.dita#create_keypairs">private ssh key
        			files stored safely</xref> so you can access the instances.</li>
        		<li><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> and LVM snapshots <ul>
						<li>Ensure that the system is quiescent enough that snapshots are unlikely
							to be written while restoring these files.</li>
						<li><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> EBS snapshots for DAS
							and Overlay modes are stored in
								<filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes</filepath> on all host
							machines running the Storage Controller (SC) service. Restore this
							entire directory tree, which also contains EBS volumes in Overlay mode
							only. </li>
					</ul></li>
        		<li>SAN technologies vary, so see the restore documentation for your SAN.</li>
        	</ul>
        	<p>Users are responsible for volume restore using EBS snapshots.</p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
