<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="inspect_health">
	<title>Inspect System Health</title>
	<shortdesc>Eucalyptus provides access to the current view of service state
				and the ability to manipulate the state. You can inspect the
				service state to either ensure system health or to identify
				faulty services. You can modify a service state to maintain
				activities and apply external service placement policies. </shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>cloud tasks <indexterm>inspect system
						health</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<taskbody>
		<context>

		</context>

	</taskbody>
	<task id="inspect_health_inspect">
		<title>View Service State</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Use the <cmdname>euserv-describe-services</cmdname> command to view the service state. The
					output indicates:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>Component type of the service</li>
					<li>Partition in which the service is registered</li>
					<li>Unique name of the service</li>
					<li>Current view of service state</li>
					<li>Last reported epoch (this can be safely ignored)</li>
					<li>Service URI</li>
					<li>Fully qualified name of the service (This is needed for
						manipulating services that did not get unique names
						during registration. For example: internal services like
						reporting or DNS)</li>
				</ul>
				<p>The default output includes the services that are registered
					during configuration, as well as information about the DNS
					service, if present. You can obtain additional service state
					information, such as internal services, by providing the
						<codeph>-system-internal</codeph> flag.</p>
				<p>You can also make requests to retrieve service information
					that is filtered by either:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>current state (for example,
						<codeph>NOTREADY</codeph>)</li>
					<li>host where service is registered</li>
					<li>partition where service is registered</li>
					<li>type of service (for example, CC or Walrus)</li>
				</ul>
				<p>When you investigate service failures, you can specify
						<codeph>-events</codeph> to return a summary of the last
					fault. You can retrieve extended information (primarily
					useful for debugging) by specifying <codeph>-events
						-events-verbose</codeph>.</p>
			</context>

		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="inspect_health_heartbeat">
		<title>Heartbeat Service</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p><codeph>http://CLCIPADDRESS:8773/services/Heartbeat</codeph>
					provides a list of components and their respective statuses.
					This allows you to find out if a service is enabled without
					requiring cloud credentials.</p>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="inspect_health_mod">
		<title>Modify Service State</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>To modify a service:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command on the CLC, Walrus, or SC machines:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>systemctl stop eucalyptus-cloud.service</codeblock>
					</info>
					<info>
						<p>On the CC, use the following command:</p>
						<codeblock>systemctl stop eucalyptus-cluster.service</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<example>
				<!--THIS EXAMPLE was HA, which is deprecated. Replace with a better use case.-->
				<p>If you want to shut down the SC for maintenance. The SC is <codeph>SC00</codeph> is
						<codeph>ENABLED</codeph> and needs to be <codeph>DISABLED</codeph>for
					maintenance.</p>
				<p>To stop <codeph>SC00</codeph> first verify that no volumes or snapshots are being created and
					that no volumes are being attached or detached, and then enter the following
					command on SC00:</p>
				<codeblock>systemctl stop eucalyptus-cloud.service</codeblock>
				<p>To check status of services, you would enter:</p>
				<codeblock>euserv-describe-services</codeblock>
				<p>When maintenance is complete, you can start the eucalyptus-cloud process on
						<codeph>SC00</codeph>, which will enter the <codeph>DISABLED</codeph> state
					by default.</p>
				<codeblock>systemctl start eucalyptus-cloud.service</codeblock>
				<p>Monitor the state of services using <codeph>euserv-describe-services</codeph> until
						<codeph>SC00</codeph> is <codeph>ENABLED</codeph>.</p>
			</example>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
