<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="managing_resources_walrus">
	<title>Manage Walrus Resources</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic explains Walrus resources.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<ul>
				<li><b>Bucket ACLs:</b> Access Control Lists (ACLs) allow an account to explicitly grant access to a bucket or
					object to another account. ACLs only work between accounts, not IAM users. You specify
					accounts with the CanonicalID or the email address associated with the account (for
					Eucalyptus this is the email of the account admin).</li>

				<li><b>IAM Policies:</b> These are set by the admin of an account to control the access of
					users within that specific account. This is how an admin controls what users in that
					specific account are allowed to do. Policies can specify allow/deny on specific S3
					operations (e.g. s3:GetObject, or s3:PutObject). IAM policies are set by sending the
					policy to the IAM (Euare) endpoint, not S3 (Walrus).</li>
				
				<li><b>Bucket Policies:</b> These are IAM-like policies set by the bucket owner are not
					supported in Eucalyptus.</li>
				
			</ul>
			<p>For more information about bucket ACLs, go to <xref
				href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/ACLOverview.html" scope="external"
				format="html">Access Control List (ACL) Overview</xref> and <xref
					href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-using-rest-api.html" scope="external"
					format="html">Managing ACLs Using the REST API</xref>.</p>
			<p>For more information about IAM policies, go to <xref
				href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/UsingIAMPolicies.html" scope="external"
				format="html">Using IAM Policies</xref>.</p>
		</context>

	</taskbody>
</task>
