<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="manage_nodes">
    <title>Migrate Instances Between Node Controllers</title>
	<shortdesc>In order to ensure optimal system performance, or to perform
		system maintenance, it is sometimes necessary to move running
		instances between Node Controllers (NCs). You can migrate
		instances individually, or migrate all instances from a given
		NC.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>cloud tasks <indexterm>evacuate a Node
                        Controller</indexterm>
                    <indexterm>migrate instances</indexterm>
                </indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <note type="important">For migrations to succeed, you must have
                    <codeph>INSTANCE_PATH</codeph> set to the same value in the
                    <codeph>eucalyptus.conf</codeph> file on each NC.</note>
        </context>
        <steps-unordered>
            <step>
                <cmd>To migrate a single instance to another NC, enter the
                    following command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euserv-migrate-instances -i INSTANCE_ID</codeblock>
                    <p>You can also optionally specify <codeph>--include-dest HOST_NC_IP</codeph>
                        or <codeph>--exclude-dest HOST_NC_IP</codeph>, to ensure that the
                        instance is migrated to one of the specified NCs, or to avoid migrating the
                        instance to any of the specified NCs. These flags may be used more than once
                        to specify multiple NCs.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To migrate all instances away from an NC, enter the following command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euserv-migrate-instances --source HOST_NC_IP</codeblock>
                    <p>You can also optionally specify <codeph>euserv-modify-service -s stop HOST_NC_IP</codeph>, to stop the
                        specified NC and ensure that no new instances are started on that NC while
                        the migration occurs. This allows you to safely remove the NC without
                        interrupting running instances. The NC will remain in the DISABLED state
                        until it is explicitly enabled using <codeph>euserv-modify-service -s start HOST_NC_IP</codeph>. </p>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps-unordered>
<result>
    <p>In some cases, timeouts may cause a migration to initially
        fail. Run the command again to complete the migration.</p>
    <p>If the migration fails, check the <filepath>nc.log</filepath> file on the source and
                destination NCs. If you see an error similar to: 
        <codeblock>libvirt: Cannot get interface MTU on 'br0': No such device (code=38)</codeblock> 
        ... then ensure the NCs have the same interface and bridge device names, as described in
                    <xref href="../install-guide/configuring_bridge.dita#configuring_bridge"/>.</p>
</result>

    </taskbody>

</task>
