<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ops_ts_instance_com">
	<title>Problem: can't communicate with instance</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>Use ping from a client (not the CLC). Can you ping it?</p>
		</context>
		<steps-unordered>
			<step>
				<cmd>Yes:</cmd>
				<info>Check the open ports on security groups and retry connection using SSH or HTTP. Can you
					connect now?</info>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Yes. Okay, then. You're work is done.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>No:</cmd>
						<info>Try the same procedure as if you can't ping it up front.</info>
					</substep>
				</substeps>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>No:</cmd>
				<info>Is your cloud running in Edge networking mode? </info>
				<info>
					<ul>
						<li>Yes:
							<p>Run <codeph>euca-describe-nodes</codeph>. Is your instance there? </p>
							<ul>
								<li>Yes: 
									<p>Ping the instance's public IP from the NC. Can you ping it? Check network between
									client and NC (this indicates that the problem is not the Eucalyptus network).</p></li>
								<li>No: 
									<p>Check <filepath>eucanetd.log</filepath> and IP tables rules. Make sure the IP address has visible
									public IPs and that the IP tables have expected ports opened.</p></li>
							</ul>
						</li>
						<li>No, it is not in Edge networking mode: <ol>
								<li>Run <codeph>euca-describe-instances</codeph></li>
								<li>Note the AZ name.</li>
							<li>Run <codeph>euca-describe-AZ verbose</codeph>.</li>
								<li>Note the IP for the CC.</li>
								<li>Ping the instance's private IP from the CC. <p>Are there error messages?</p>
									<ul>
										<li>Yes: <p>Check the network connection between the client and the CC.</p></li>
										<li>No: <p>Check <filepath>eucanetd.log</filepath> and the IP tables rules. Make sure the IP address has visible
											public IPs and that the IP tables have expected ports opened.</p></li>
									</ul>
								</li>
							</ol>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</info>

			</step>
		</steps-unordered>
	</taskbody>
</task>
