<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="ops_ts_volume_creation">
	<title>Problem: snapshot creation failed</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>On the SC, depending on the backend used for storage:<ul>
					<li>For Overlay, use the <codeph>df</codeph> command to check the disk space in
							<filepath>var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes</filepath>.</li>
					<li>For DAS, use the <codeph>lvdisplay</codeph> command to check the disk space
						in the DAS volumes.</li>
					<li>For any other backend, use its specific commands to check the free space for storage
						allocated for volumes.</li>
				</ul>Is there enough space?</p>
		</context>
		<steps-unordered>
			<step>
				<cmd>Yes:</cmd>
				<info>On the OSG host, depending on the backend used for object storage:<ul>
					<li>For Walrus, use the <codeph>df</codeph> command to check the disk space in <filepath>var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits</filepath>.</li>
					<li>For RiakCS or Ceph-RGW, use its specific commands to check the free space for storage allocated for buckets and objects.</li>
				</ul>Is there enough space?</info>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Yes.</cmd>
						<info><ul>
							<li>Use <codeph>euserv-describe-services</codeph> and note the IP addresses for the OSG and
								SC.</li>
							<li>SSH to SC and ping the OSG. 
								<p>Are there error messages?</p>
							<ul>
								<li>Yes:
									<p>Check <xref href="../troubleshooting-guide/ts_logs.dita">the SC and the OSG logs</xref>
										for the snapshot ID.</p>
								</li>
								<li>No:
									<p>Check the network connection between the SC and the OSG.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							</li>
						</ul> </info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>No:</cmd>
						<info>Delete volumes or add disk space.</info>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
				
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>No:</cmd>
				<info>Delete volumes or add disk space.</info>
			</step>
		</steps-unordered>
	</taskbody>
</task>
