<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="personas">
 <title>Personas and Roles</title>
 <shortdesc>Eucalyptus 4.0 supports fine-grained control over security and permissions through the
		use of IAM <i>roles</i> and <i>personas</i>. This section explains what what roles and
		personas are and how they work.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus personas</keyword>
				<indexterm>personas</indexterm>
				<indexterm>roles</indexterm>
				<indexterm>Cloud Super Admin</indexterm>
				<indexterm>Cloud Resource Admin</indexterm>
				<indexterm>Infrastructure Admin</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
 <conbody>
 	
 	<section id="roles">
 		<title>Roles</title>
 		<p>A <i>role</i> is a mechanism that allows applications to request temporary security
				credentials on a user's behalf. A role has one or more <i>policies</i> associated
				with it that defines which resources and services the role is allowed to access. </p>
 		<note importance="high">Eucalyptus roles and personas are compatible with Amazon's Identity and Access Management service. For more information on IAM and roles, please see the 
 			<xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/WorkingWithRoles.html">Amazon IAM User Guide</xref>.</note>
 	</section>

  <section id="personas">
			<title>Personas</title>
			<p> A <i>persona</i> is simply a pre-defined set of roles.  Personas are a Eucalyptus
				extension to IAM.</p><p> Eucalyptus currently offers the following pre-defined
				privileged personas: </p>
			<b>Cloud Super Admin</b>
			<p>The Cloud Super Admin (CSA) is the super user, and can perform any privileged
				operation in Eucalyptus. The CSA can also delegate these privileges. The CSA is the
				only user who can create, modify, and delete privileged policies. The CSA is also
				the only user who can assign these policies to users.</p>
			<b>Cloud Account Admin</b>
			<p> The Cloud Account Admin (CAA) can manage Eucalyptus accounts. </p>
			<b>Cloud Resource Admin</b>
			<p>The Cloud Resource Admin (CRA) can manage AWS-defined resources (such as S3 objects,
				instances, users, etc) across accounts</p>
			<b>Infrastructure Admin</b>
			<p>The Infrastructre Admin (IA) can perform operations related to system setup and
				management. Typical responibilities include:</p><ul>
				<li>installation and configuration (prepare environment, install Eucalyptus,
					configure Eucalyptus)</li>
				<li>monitoring and maintenance (infrastructure supporting the cloud, cloud
					management layer, upgrades, security patches, diagnostics and
					troubleshooting)</li>
				<li>backup and restore</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
