<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="regions_troubleshooting">
 <title>Troubleshooting</title>
 <conbody><p>This section is presented in a Q&amp;A format to provide a quick reference to the most frequently
   asked questions. <ol>
    <li><b>Q.</b> Can Cloud Administrators federate existing clouds (i.e. clouds that already have
     non-system Eucalyptus accounts)? <p><b>A.</b> No, this is currently not supported. If a cloud
       administrator wants to federate an Eucalyptus clouds, this must be done prior to any
       non-system Eucalyptus account/user/group creation.</p></li>
    <li><b>Q.</b> Is Eucalyptus DNS required for federating Eucalyptus clouds? <p><b>A.</b> No,
      however its highly recommended to enable it.</p></li>
    <li><b>Q.</b> Are <xref
      href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html"
      scope="external" format="html">Amazon Resource Names</xref> supported for more granular IAM
     access policies per region? <p><b>A.</b> As of 4.2, no. IAM policies apply globally (for all
      regions). In order to get more granular IAM access, use availability zone restrictions under
      each region. For more information, see <xref
       href="https://github.com/eucalyptus/architecture/wiki/iam-3.4-cluster-policies#Restrict_Image_to_Availability_Zone"
       scope="external" format="html">Restrict Image to Availability Zone</xref>.</p></li>
    <li><b>Q.</b> What services/resources span globally? Which span regionally? <p><b>A.</b>
      Currently, only Eucalyptus IAM and STS are global services/resources. All other
      services/resources are region-based (i.e. Eucalyptus cloud-specific). The only resource that
      can be either global or regional are keypairs. This is because users can import the same
      keypair to each region, therefore, the keypair is globally accessible. For additional
      information, please refer to the AWS EC2 Documentation regarding <xref
       href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/resources.html" scope="external"
       format="html">Resource Locations</xref>.</p></li>
    <li><b>Q.</b> Are Eucalyptus system accounts global in a federated setup? <p><b>A.</b> No. Any
      Eucalyptus system account is limited to that region. Examples of Eucalyptus system accounts
      are as follows: <ul>
       <li>eucalyptus</li>
       <li>(eucalyptus)blockstorage</li>
       <li>(eucalyptus)aws-exec-read</li>
       <li>(eucalyptus)cloudformation</li>
      </ul>
    </p></li>
    <li>
     <b>Q.</b> Is <xref
      href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_CopySnapshot.html"
      scope="external" format="html">CopySnapshot</xref> and <xref
      href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_CopyImage.html"
      scope="external" format="html">CopyImage</xref> supported? <p><b>A.</b> No. There have been no
      improvements associated with Object Storage Gateway (OSG) regarding cross-regional behavior
      similar to AWS.</p></li>
    <li><b>Q.</b> If a user uploads an object to an Object Storage Gateway in one region, will
     copies show up in other regions (similar to the behavior on AWS)? <p><b>A.</b> No, this is
      currently unsupported.</p></li>
    <li><b>Q.</b> Is LDAP/AD integration supported once Eucalyptus clouds have been federated?
       <p><b>A.</b> No, this feature is not supported.</p></li>
    <li><b>Q.</b> Do federated Eucalyptus clouds follow the same <xref
      href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/LimitationsOnEntities.html"
      scope="external" format="html">limitations as AWS IAM</xref> globally? <p><b>A.</b> No,
      Eucalyptus IAM limitations are regionally scoped. </p></li>
   </ol></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
