<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="regions_aws_euca_diffs">
 <title>Federation Differences Between AWS and Eucalyptus</title>
 <conbody><p>This section outlines the differences between AWS and Eucalyptus with respect to federation in the following platforms:
 <ul>
  <li>Euca2ools vs. AWS EC2 API Tools</li>
  <li>Eucalyptus OSG vs. AWS S3</li>
  <li>Eucalyptus Resource-Level vs. AWS Resource-Level Permissions</li>
  <li>Global Cloud Administration (Local vs. Federated)</li>
 </ul>
 </p></conbody>
 <concept id="regions_aws_euca_tools">
  <title>Euca2ools vs. AWS EC2 API Tools</title>
  <conbody><p>Euca2ools uses the <codeph>--region</codeph> option to read information from a configuration file. 
   For a user to be able to access resources from different regions using Euca2ools, the <codeph>-U URL</codeph>, 
   <codeph>--url URL</codeph> option has to be used. This behavior is different when compared to AWS API tools. 
   With the AWS API tools, the <codeph>--region</codeph> option is used to access resources in different regions. 
   Examples are as follows:</p>
   <p><b>Euca2ools</b>
   <codeblock># euca-describe-regions
REGION region-1 http://compute.h-33.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com:8773/
REGION region-2 http://compute.g-22-07.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com:8773/
(Using --region to access resources from different regions; Notice that the returning value is the same)
# euca-describe-availability-zones --region region-1
AVAILABILITYZONE region2-az-one available
# euca-describe-availability-zones --region region-2
AVAILABILITYZONE region2-az-one available
(Using -U URL, --url URL to access resources from different regions; Notice the difference in outputs)
# euca-describe-availability-zones -U http://compute.h-33.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com:8773/
AVAILABILITYZONE region1-az-one available
# euca-describe-availability-zones -U http://compute.g-22-07.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com:8773/
AVAILABILITYZONE region2-az-one available</codeblock></p>
   <p><b>AWS EC2 API Tools</b>
   <codeblock>$ ec2-describe-regions
REGION eu-central-1 ec2.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com
REGION sa-east-1 ec2.sa-east-1.amazonaws.com
REGION ap-northeast-1 ec2.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com
REGION eu-west-1 ec2.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com
REGION us-east-1 ec2.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
REGION us-west-1 ec2.us-west-1.amazonaws.com
REGION us-west-2 ec2.us-west-2.amazonaws.com
REGION ap-southeast-2 ec2.ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com
REGION ap-southeast-1 ec2.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com
$ ec2-describe-availability-zones --region us-east-1
AVAILABILITYZONE us-east-1a available us-east-1
AVAILABILITYZONE us-east-1b available us-east-1
AVAILABILITYZONE us-east-1c available us-east-1
AVAILABILITYZONE us-east-1d available us-east-1
AVAILABILITYZONE us-east-1e available us-east-1
$ ec2-describe-availability-zones --region us-west-1
AVAILABILITYZONE us-west-1a available us-west-1
AVAILABILITYZONE us-west-1c available us-west-1
$ ec2-describe-availability-zones --region us-west-2
AVAILABILITYZONE us-west-2a available us-west-2
AVAILABILITYZONE us-west-2b available us-west-2
AVAILABILITYZONE us-west-2c available us-west-2</codeblock>
   </p>
  </conbody>
 </concept>
 <concept id="regions_aws_euca_osg">
  <title>Eucalyptus OSG vs. AWS S3</title>
  <conbody><p>Eucalyptus OSG for each region is a separate entity (i.e. if you want to have the same bucket across all regions, 
   you need to create that bucket across each region). With AWS S3, once you create a bucket in one region, it is replicated to 
   all regions. This is the same for objects as well.</p>
  <p><b>ARN Resources</b></p>
   <p>This behavior is extremely important when dealing with IAM access policies regarding S3 (OSG) resources. 
    When defining a resource using an ARN:
   <codeblock>arn:partition:service:region:namespace:relative-id</codeblock></p>
   <p>Per <xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/s3-arn-format.html"
    scope="external" format="html">AWS S3 documentation</xref>, when specifying a resource in a policy, you don't specify region 
    and namespace in the ARN. The S3 (OSG) ARN resource will look like the following:
   <codeblock>arn:aws:s3:::bucket_name
arn:aws:s3:::bucket_name/key_name</codeblock></p>
   <p>If a user tries to specify a region and/or namespace in an ARN associated with an S3 (OSG) resource on Eucalyptus, 
    the following error will be displayed:
   <codeblock>error (MalformedPolicyDocument): Error in uploaded policy: net.sf.json.JSONException: 'arn:aws:s3:region-1::*' is not a valid ARN</codeblock></p>
   <p>The only valid ARNs for S3 (OSG) resources on Eucalyptus are as follows:
   <codeblock>"Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::*"
"Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::*/*</codeblock></p>
  </conbody>
 </concept>
 
 <concept id="regions_aws_euca_resrce_perms">
  <title>Eucalyptus vs. AWS Resource-Level Permissions</title>
  <conbody><p>There are some services that AWS supports resource-level permissions to be used in AWS IAM access policies.  
   A list of them can be found in the <xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_aws-services-that-work-with-iam.html"
    scope="external" format="html">AWS IAM Guide - AWS Services that work with IAM</xref>. Two services that do not support resource-level 
   permissions on AWS are the following:
  <ul>
   <li><xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AutoScaling/latest/DeveloperGuide/IAM.html#AutoScaling_ARN_Format"
    scope="external" format="html">Auto Scaling</xref></li>
   <li><xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/DeveloperGuide/UsingIAM.html#CloudWatch_ARN_Format"
    scope="external" format="html">CloudWatch</xref></li>
  </ul>
  </p>
   <p>On Eucalyptus, these services <b><u>do support</u></b> resource-level permissions, as well as the implemented services 
    that support resource-level permissions in AWS. Below are example IAM policies for each service:</p>
   <p><b>Auto Scaling</b></p>
   <p>Eucalyptus IAM policy to allow all Autoscaling actions against any AutoScaling group under a given account:
    <codeblock>{
 "Version":"2012-10-17",
 "Statement": [
 {
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Action": "autoscaling:*",
 "Resource": "arn:aws:autoscaling:::autoScalingGroup:*"
 }
 ]
}</codeblock></p>
   <p><b>CloudWatch</b></p>
   <p>Eucalyptus IAM policy to allow all CloudWatch actions against any CloudWatch alarm under a given account:
   <codeblock>{
 "Version":"2012-10-17",
 "Statement": [
 {
 "Effect": "Allow",
 "Action": "cloudwatch:*",
 "Resource": "arn:aws:cloudwatch:::alarm:*"
 }
 ]
}</codeblock>
    <note>AWS services that do support resource-level permissions have different behaviors depending upon the service API call 
     (for example, AWS ELB doesn't support any Describe* service API calls if a resource-level permission is defined). 
     This wasn't done as part of a security feature, and may just mean that AWS has not yet implemented support for that API call. 
     Eucalyptus supports resource-level permissions for all API service calls. This means that the more restrictive AWS IAM access 
     policy for the service that is supported on Eucalyptus should work seamlessly.</note>
   </p>
  </conbody>
 </concept>
 <concept id="regions_aws_euca_global_cloud_admin">
  <title>Global Cloud Administration (Local vs. Federated)</title>
  <conbody><p>On AWS, there isn't a concept of a global cloud administrator (on AWS public cloud, AWS is the
    'global cloud administrator'). Eucalyptus has the concept of a global cloud administrator. This
    is represented by the 'eucalyptus' account. This account, along with other Eucalyptus system
    accounts, are default on each Eucalyptus cloud. Currently, these Eucalyptus system accounts
    cannot be 'synced' when setting up a federated cloud environment. In order to have the concept
    of a 'global cloud administrator', one must leverage cross-account roles. Regarding the
    Eucalyptus IAM policy associated with the global cloud administrator, you can leverage an
    existing policy that is used by the ResourceAdministrator privileged persona (i.e. role), which
    is present on each cloud. Below are the high-level steps: <ol>
     <li>Create a non-Eucalyptus account (i.e. global cloud account)</li>
     <li>Under each 'eucalyptus' account on each cloud (i.e. region), do the following: <ol>
       <li>Assume Eucalyptus system credentials:
        <codeblock># eval `clcadmin-assume-system-credentials`</codeblock></li>
       <li>Grant user access to ResourceAdministrator role (e.g. admin user of
        development-operations account):
        <codeblock># clcadmin-grant-admin-access -a development-operations -u admin ResourceAdministrator</codeblock></li>
      </ol></li>
     <li>Using the credentials of the user that has been granted access to the ResourceAdministrator
      role, there are a couple of ways to access the ResourceAdministrator role ― through Euca2ools
      or programmatically.</li>
    </ol></p>
  <p><b>Using Euca2ools</b></p>
   <p>Use <codeph>euare-assumerole</codeph> to assume the role of the ResourceAdministrator of that
    region (i.e. cloud). <note>The ARN associated with the ResourceAdministrator will be the same
     for each cloud (e.g. eucalyptus:role/eucalyptus/ResourceAdministrator). To use the role for
     different regions (i.e. clouds), leverage the endpoints for that region. For
    example:</note><codeblock># euare-assumerole  eucalyptus:role/eucalyptus/ResourceAdministrator --region devops-admin@asap-rocky-2013
# euare-assumerole  eucalyptus:role/eucalyptus/ResourceAdministrator --region devops-admin@asap-rocky-2015</codeblock></p>
   <p><b>Programmatically</b></p>
   <p>Once this is in place, the user can leverage python boto to do the following: <ul>
     <li>Leverage boto configuration file that contains global admin credentials and defines the
      multiple endpoints associated with each region in Eucalyptus. For example:
      <codeblock># cat .boto
[Credentials]
aws_access_key_id = AKIABMYJ35W7GPDOZ2YJ
aws_secret_access_key = 5clOBWeAIwUia4PNVip1CX157nT2ymnjlu12Wn5l
[Boto]
is_secure = False
endpoints_path = /root/boto-federated-endpoints.json
# cat boto-federated-endpoints.json
{
 "autoscaling": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "autoscaling.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "autoscaling.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 },
 "cloudformation": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "cloudformation.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "cloudformation.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 },
 "cloudwatch": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "cloudwatch.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "cloudwatch.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 },
 "ec2": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "compute.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "compute.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 },
 "elasticloadbalancing": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "loadbalancing.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "loadbalancing.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 },
 "iam": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "euare.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "euare.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 },
 "s3": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "objectstorage.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "objectstorage.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 },
 "sts": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "tokens.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "tokens.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 },
 "swf": {
 "asap-rocky-2013": "simpleworkflow.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com",
 "asap-rocky-2015": "simpleworkflow.a-41.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com"
 }
}</codeblock></li>
     <li>Leverage <xref href="http://boto.readthedocs.org/en/latest/ref/sts.html" scope="external"
       format="html">python boto STS</xref> for a given region to acquire Access Key ID, Secret Key,
      and Security Token that can be used with any AWS service API implemented by Eucalyptus. Make
      sure that the given service endpoint URL matches the region that provided the STS credentials.
      For example:
      <codeblock>In [1]: import boto.sts
In [2]: sts_connection = boto.sts.connect_to_region('asap-rocky-2013', port=8773)
In [3]: assumedRoleObject = sts_connection.assume_role(role_arn="arn:aws:iam::000560243913:role/FederatedCloudAdministrator", role_session_name="FederatedDescribeELBPolicyTypes")
In [4]: assumedRoleObject.credentials.access_key
Out[4]: u'AKIACY7V4ZGDNKCEXLQK'
In [5]: assumedRoleObject.credentials.secret_key
Out[5]: u'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'
In [6]: assumedRoleObject.credentials.session_token
Out[6]: u'ZXVjYQABHk7WVPi6w8keQpDWM4dlKFDFro3HRZ35asSDoHmWCEqTFNWLk/4xX2AgvmMQ1A6TvGtsRtj4ozQ34IKCtfofE2BNOdijk0oi6xrmvFs8HV3gxbCz3AA/uw8Scgk3NgB0FCsIFLyrcEYMvtdSZOdmh1m0EV5ld8HNonph1yfjZlQIRIO8mxVeDxzOa+9EfJWzD30Do/X5UbBl2PvlceK+dwwZPFgt25NwRCZnxPRndYrCJ2LPSkv0YQ=='
# eulb-describe-lb-policy-types -I AKIACY7V4ZGDNKCEXLQK -S 3VWnfDyBrCqtUAAiZqfvQjACLpdRrReHSkX6gLFu --security-token ZXVjYQABHk7WVPi6w8keQpDWM4dlKFDFro3HRZ35asSDoHmWCEqTFNWLk/4xX2AgvmMQ1A6TvGtsRtj4ozQ34IKCtfofE2BNOdijk0oi6xrmvFs8HV3gxbCz3AA/uw8Scgk3NgB0FCsIFLyrcEYMvtdSZOdmh1m0EV5ld8HNonph1yfjZlQIRIO8mxVeDxzOa+9EfJWzD30Do/X5UbBl2PvlceK+dwwZPFgt25NwRCZnxPRndYrCJ2LPSkv0YQ== -U http://loadbalancing.c-40.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com:8773/
POLICY_TYPE SSLNegotiationPolicyType Listener policy that defines the ciphers and protocols that will be accepted by the load balancer. This policy can be associated only with HTTPS/SSL listeners.
POLICY_TYPE LBCookieStickinessPolicyType Stickiness policy with session lifetimes controlled by the browser (user-agent) or a specified expiration period. This policy can be associated only with HTTP/HTTPS listeners.
POLICY_TYPE BackendServerAuthenticationPolicyType Policy that controls authentication to back-end server(s) and contains one or more policies, such as an instance of a PublicKeyPolicyType. This policy can be associated only with back-end servers that are using HTTPS/SSL.
POLICY_TYPE ProxyProtocolPolicyType Policy that controls whether to include the IP address and port of the originating request for TCP messages. This policy operates on TCP/SSL listeners only
POLICY_TYPE AppCookieStickinessPolicyType Stickiness policy with session lifetimes controlled by the lifetime of the application-generated cookie. This policy can be associated only with HTTP/HTTPS listeners.
POLICY_TYPE PublicKeyPolicyType Policy containing a list of public keys to accept when authenticating the back-end server(s). This policy cannot be applied directly to back-end servers or listeners but must be part of a BackendServerAuthenticationPolicyType.</codeblock></li>
    </ul></p>
  
  </conbody>
 </concept>
 </concept>