<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="restore_postgres">
	<title>Restore the Database</title>
	<shortdesc>To restore the cloud database follow the steps listed in this topic.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note type="tip">Sometimes you'll get this message on both startup and shutdown of the database:
				<codeblock>could not change directory to "/root"</codeblock> ... where
					<codeph>/root</codeph> is actually your current directory, meaning if you run
				the command from <filepath>/root/dir1/subdir2</filepath>, then the path in the
				output will be <filepath>/root/dir1/subdir2</filepath> instead of
					<filepath>/root</filepath>. The message is completely benign and can be
				ignored.</note>
			<p><b>To restore the database</b></p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Stop the CLC service.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>systemctl stop eucalyptus-cloud.service</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Remove traces of the old database.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rm -rf /var/lib/eucalyptus/db</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Restore the cloud security credentials in the keys directory.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>tar -xvf ~/eucalyptus-keydir.tgz -C /</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Re-initialize the database structure.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>clcadmin-initialize-cloud</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Start the database manually.</cmd>
				<info> On a RHEL 6 host machine:
					<codeblock>su eucalyptus -c "/usr/pgsql-9.2/bin/pg_ctl start -w \
-s -D/var/lib/eucalyptus/db/data -o '-h0.0.0.0/0 -p8777 -i'"</codeblock>
					On a RHEL 7 host machine:
					<codeblock>su eucalyptus -s /bin/bash -c "/usr/bin/pg_ctl start -w \
-s -D/var/lib/eucalyptus/db/data -o '-h0.0.0.0/0 -p8777 -i'"</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Restore the backup.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>psql -U root -d postgres -p 8777 -h /var/lib/eucalyptus/db/data -f/root/eucalyptus_pg_dumpall-backup.sql</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Stop the database manually.</cmd>
				<info> On a RHEL 6 host machine:
					<codeblock>su eucalyptus -c "/usr/pgsql-9.2/bin/pg_ctl stop -D/var/lib/eucalyptus/db/data"</codeblock>
					On a RHEL 7 host machine:
					<codeblock>su eucalyptus -s /bin/bash -c "/usr/bin/pg_ctl stop -D/var/lib/eucalyptus/db/data"</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Start CLC service</cmd>
				<info>
					<note>If you are upgrading, skip this step (don't want to start the CLC service yet because 
						you haven't restored the rest of the cloud data yet. Starting the CLC appears in the installation steps, 
						later).</note>
					<codeblock>systemctl start eucalyptus-cloud.service</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
