<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="securing_system">
	<title>Synchronize Clocks</title>
	<shortdesc>Eucalyptus checks message timestamps across components in the cloud infrastructure. This assures command integrity and provides better security.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>cloud <indexterm>securing</indexterm>
					<indexterm>synchronizing clocks</indexterm>
					<indexterm>timestamp expiration</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<conbody>
		<p>Eucalyptus components receive and exchange messages using either Query or SOAP interfaces (or
			both). Messages received over these interfaces are required to have some form of a time
			stamp (as defined by AWS specification) to prevent message replay attacks. Because
			Eucalyptus enforces strict policies when checking timestamps in the received messages,
			for the correct functioning of the cloud infrastructure, it is crucial to have clocks
			constantly synchronized (for example, with ntpd) on all machines hosting Eucalyptus
			components. To prevent user command failures, it is also important to have clocks
			synchronized on the client machines.</p>
		<p>Following the AWS specification, all Query interface requests
			containing the Timestamp element are rejected as expired after 15
			minutes of the timestamp. Requests containing the Expires element
			expire at the time specified by the element. SOAP interface requests
			using WS-Security expire as specified by the WS-Security Timestamp
			element. </p>
		<p>When checking the timestamps for expiration, Eucalyptus allows up to
			20 seconds of clock drift between the machines. This is a default
			setting. You can change this value for the CLC at runtime by setting
			the <codeph>bootstrap.webservices.clock_skew_sec</codeph> property
			as follows:</p>
		<codeblock>euctl-modify-property -p bootstrap.webservices.clock_skew_sec=&lt;new_value_in_seconds></codeblock>
		<p>For additional protection from the message replay attacks, the CLC implements a replay
			detection algorithm and rejects messages with the same signatures received within 15
			minutes. Replay detection parameters can be tuned as described in <xref
				href="../security-guide/security_task_replays.dita#security_task_replays">Configure Replay
				Protection</xref>.</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
