<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="storage_bp">
	<title>Storage Best Practices</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>Eucalyptus recommends that you take the following into account when
			implementing storage for your cloud.</p>
		<ul>
			<li>Provide enough storage space for each storage type (ephemeral,
				bucket, block device). </li>
			<li>Limit any contention on shared resources.</li>

			<li>Test the Node Controller (NC) physical storage subsystem for the
				number and type of instances you expect to run. Ensure that your
				hardware and network will support the maximum expected
				concurrent load. Quite few instances can run on the same NC.
				However, too many concurrent disk requests can overwhelm the
				NC's host, causing instances to time out, or experience
				unpredictable and erratic behavior.</li>

			<li>Make sure that your host for Walrus is fast enough to decrypt
				uploaded images and to serve concurrent streams. Also, make sure
				that this host has enough space for Walrus to store uploaded
				images and buckets. Limited CPU and storage capacity can
				severely crippled the normal functioning of your cloud.</li>
			<li>Make sure that your host for the Storage Controller (SC) has
				enough network size to serve volumes to a cluster. Under-sizing
				the network between the SC and NCs can slow down instance
				requests to disk. </li>
		</ul>


	</conbody>
</concept>
