<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_features">
	<title>What's New?</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>Eucalyptus 3.3.0 introduces the following new features.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Feature</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Tagging and Filtering</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus allows you to create metadata for your cloud resources
							using tags. You can then filter resources based on the tags you created.
							For information about tagging and filtering, see the <xref
								href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/eucalyptus/3.3/user-guide/resource_and_tags.html"
								scope="external" format="html">Using Tags and Filters</xref> in the Eucalyptus User Guide.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Scaling</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus allows you to automatically add or delete instances based on demand. For
							information about scaling, see the <xref
							href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/eucalyptus/3.3/user-guide/autoscaling_intro.html"
							scope="external" format="html">Using Auto Scaling</xref> in the Eucalyptus User Guide.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Monitoring</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus provides monitoring to manage and publish various metrics, as well as to
							configure alarm actions based on those metrics. For information about monitoring, see the <xref
								href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/eucalyptus/3.3/user-guide/using_monitoring.html"
								scope="external" format="html">Using CloudWatch</xref> in the Eucalyptus User Guide.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Load Balancing </entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus provides load balancing to distribute incoming traffic across your cloud. For
							information about load balancing, see the <xref
								href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/eucalyptus/3.3/user-guide/elb_intro.html"
								scope="external" format="html">Using Elastic Load Balancing</xref> in the Eucalyptus User Guide. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>New VM Types</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus adds support for more VM types. For information about VM types, see the <xref
								href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/eucalyptus/3.3/user-guide/vm_types.html"
								scope="external" format="html">Virtual Machine Types</xref> in the Eucalyptus User Guide. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>EBS-Backed Images and Instances</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus introduces improvements in Elastic block store (EBS) backed image
							registration and instances. For details, please go to <xref
								href="https://github.com/eucalyptus/eucalyptus/wiki/EBS%3A-Boot-from-EBS-changes-in-3_3"
								scope="external" format="html"
								>Boot from EBS Changes in Eucalyptus 3.3</xref>.</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		<!-- Put in: Release notes: WSDL versions we adhere to. Point to AWS WSDLs.  -->
	</conbody>
</concept>
