<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_3.3.0">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The following known issues exist in Eucalyptus 3.2 and its dependencies. Please contact
			Eucalyptus support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<!-- Reorder by component? -->
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Broker does not support some host configurations (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/BROKER-36"
								>BROKER-36</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using VMware, all hosts must either be managed by VCenter or the
							Eucalyptus VMware Broker. Mixed management of the hosts is not supported
							and will result connectivity issues with the Broker.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>VMware Broker requires <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user to have write
							access to the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus</filepath> directory (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/BROKER-9"
								>BROKER-9</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user does not have write access to
							the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus</filepath> directory, the VMware Broker
							will stay in a <codeph>BROKEN</codeph> state, and
								<codeph>euca-configure-vmware</codeph> will fail. Run <codeph>chown
								-R eucalyptus:eucalyptus /etc/eucalyptus/</codeph> on the VMware
							Broker machine to ensure that the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user owns
							the necessary files.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue adding secondary CLC after upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6462"
								>EUCA-6462</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>It is not possible to move a non-HA CLC to HA after an upgrade to
							3.3.0. A fresh install is recommended in this situation. A workaround
							can be found here: <xref format="html"
								href="https://engage.eucalyptus.com/customer/portal/articles/1175134-issues-moving-to-ha-clc-from-non-ha-setup"
								>https://engage.eucalyptus.com/customer/portal/articles/1175134-issues-moving-to-ha-clc-from-non-ha-setup</xref>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User should be able to set the limit for request timeouts (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6456"
								>EUCA-6456</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The User Console may time out when displaying resource pages. This
							occurs when a user has many resources, such as volumes. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>In multi-cluster configuration, migrations using
								<codeph>--source</codeph> broken for all clusters but first
							registered (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6400"
								>EUCA-6400</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In a multi-cluster cloud migrations using <codeph>--source </codeph>
							are broken for all clusters but the first one registered. Use
								<codeph>--instance</codeph> to work around this issue. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Modify service does not work always (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6389"
								>EUCA-6389</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases the <codeph>euca-modify-service</codeph> command does
							not work. A subsequent retry of this command should succeed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>NC often goes to NOTREADY state during multiple instance migration
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6366"
								>EUCA-6366</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>During a multiple instance migration the user may see the source NC
							transition into NOTREADY state. There is no explicit action required.
							The NC will transition back to ENABLED and the migration will succeed.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Failure to create backing for instance migration (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6228"
								>EUCA-6228</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases the user may see a failure when attempting multiple
							instance migration. The workaround is to run the migration a second
							time, which should succeed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instances become inaccessible if CC is clean restarted during
							migration (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6232"
								>EUCA-6232</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Performing a clean-restart operation during a migration may cause
							instances to become inaccessible. It is best to avoid a clean-restart
							operation during migration. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Can't bundle the same instance twice (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6075"
								>EUCA-6075</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The first attempt to run <codeph>euca-bundle-instance</codeph> on an
							instance will succeed. Subsequent attempts to run this on the same
							instance will fail. The workaround is to terminate the instance then try
							again with anotherinstance. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Walrus image cache is hidden to the user (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6068"
								>EUCA-6068</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When a registered image is deleted from Walrus the cache files stay
							behind, but they are not shown when listing bucket contents. An attempt
							to delete the bucket will return a <codeph>409 BucketNotEmpty.</codeph>
							To workaround this issue de-register the deleted images and then delete
							the bucket.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Successfully started migration can be reported as failed (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-6043"
								>EUCA-6043</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The user may see an error message when attempting to migrate an
							instance: <codeph>Error(MigrateInstancesType): Migrating instance
								i-820A3F02 failed because of:
								com.eucalyptus.ws.WebServicesException:
								com.eucalyptus.ws.WebServicesException: Error parsing document (line
								-1, col -1, in SOAP-message) </codeph> In spite of this error the
							migration has started and should successfully complete.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>BundleInstance always produces x86_64 images (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5979"
								>EUCA-5979</xref>,<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5980"
								>EUCA-5980</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The <codeph>euca-bundle-instance</codeph> command defaults to the
							x86_64 architecture for both the NC and VMWare Broker. In order to
							ensure the appropriate architecture the user must always supply the
								<codeph>--arch</codeph> option to <codeph>euca-register</codeph>.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>A user in non-eucalyptus account does not see a public image (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5901"
								>EUCA-5901</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>A user in an account that is not the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph>
							account mustuse the -a option with <codeph>euca-describe-images</codeph>
							in order to display public images.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instance running time instance types in report not consistent with UI
							and CLI (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4847"
								>EUCA-4847</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>As of Eucalyptus 3.3.0, the instance summary report will no longer be
							available from the command line tools nor the User Console</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Some components are initialized rather than disabled after an
							unexpected reboot (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4354"
								>EUCA-4354</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This only occurs when CLC, Walrus, and SC are located on the same
							machine in an HA setting. In an unexpected reboot within that setting,
							when the redundant components switch roles, some secondary components
							can become initialized rather than disabled. For a workaround, restart
							the initialized components. We strongly recommend that you use one
							machine for each Eucalyptus component in HA mode.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console requires upload of private key to access a Windows
							instance password (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4293"
								>EUCA-4293</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Passwords for Windows instances are encrypted for a specified key
							pair. The user console requires that you upload the appropriate private
							key to access an instance password. <b>We strongly recommend against
								using this feature without HTTPS!</b> To access the instance
							password without uploading your private key, use
								<codeph>euca-get-password [instance id] -k [keyfile]</codeph> on the
							command line.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console cannot generate new Windows password on restarting a
							stopped instance (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4291"
								>EUCA-4291</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The user console continues to display an old password after a Windows
							instance is stopped and restarted. You must log out of the user console,
							log in again, and then generate a password, in order to log in to a
							Windows instance that has been stopped and restarted.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>DBResourceCheck exceptions logged at <codeph>ERROR</codeph> log level
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4177"
								>EUCA-4177</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The DBResourceCheck class frequently polls to determine the number of
							active database connections for a given alias. This can result in a
							DBResourceCheck exception. This exception is expected, and is not
							fatal.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The reporting feature in the Eucalyptus Administrator Console show no
							metrics. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4168"
								>EUCA-4168</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This occurs only if you run a report that includes the current date.
							The metrics that show no data are: <uicontrol>CpuUsage%</uicontrol>,
								<uicontrol>Net Total In/Out</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disk
								R/W</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disk IOPS R/W</uicontrol>, and
								<uicontrol>DiskTime</uicontrol>. For a workaround, use the CLI
							command, <apiname>eureport-generate-report</apiname>, to run reports
							from the Cloud Controller for a time period that includes the current
							date. You can also use the Eucalyptus Administrator Console and move the
							end date up the previous day.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The <codeph>euca-describe-bundle-tasks</codeph> command does not keep
							task status after task completes (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4140"
								>EUCA-4140</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When bundling a Windows instance, the task is removed from the task
							list as soon as the bundle completes, so euca-describe-bundle-tasks
							never shows a 'complete' status.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>[error:0290] message printed on upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4027"
								>EUCA-4027</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The Eucalyptus upgrade process requires a large number of file
							descriptors, and an error may occur if <codeph>ulimit</codeph> is not
							set to an appropriate value. To avoid this error, set <codeph>ulimit -n
								5000</codeph> before upgrading Eucalyptus. This error is not an
							indication of a failed upgrade.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Unable to start stopped instances after upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4026"
								>EUCA-4026</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus 3.2 manages ISCSI targets in a different way to previous
							versions. The first attempt to start any stopped instances relying on
								<codeph>iscsiadm</codeph> will fail, but the issue is resolved
							during cleanup so subsequent requests for that instance will
							work.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>httpd-cc_error_log</codeph> Grows without bound (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3909"
								>EUCA-3909</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The <codeph>httpd-cc_error_log</codeph> is not rotated and can grow
							quite large. To reduce this file size, do <codeph>cp /dev/null
								$EUCALYPTUS/var/log/eucalyptus/httpd-cc_error_log</codeph>. This
							will truncate the file. Removing the file is not recommended.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Vague error message: <codeph>Failed to find corresponding class
								mapping for element: RegisterVMwareBroker in namespace</codeph>.
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3808"
								>EUCA-3808</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If you get this error message, you need to install the
								<codeph>eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs</codeph> on the
							CLC. Run <codeph>yum install
								eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs</codeph> on each CLC in
							your cloud.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Capacity report shows unordered list of VM types (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3707"
								>EUCA-3707</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When running a capacity report, the VM types are not ordered from
							smallest to largest instance type when displayed at the cloud or AZ
							property level.</entry>
					</row>
					<!--these are issues carried over...discuss-->
					<row>
						<entry>Quota limiting run instances against availabilityzone resource does
							not work (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3614"
								>EUCA-3614</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>A policy which limits the number of instances which can be run within
							an availability zone has no effect.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ENABLED CC have two NAT rules about 169.254.169.254 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3440"
								>EUCA-3440</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In HA Mode, ENABLED CC can get into a state where it reports both
							ENABLED and DISABLED CLC in iptables for the metadata service.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Walrus does not failover in HA if eucalyptus-cloud process is
							forcibly killed on primary (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3202"
								>EUCA-3202</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the eucalyptus-cloud process is forcibly terminated (kill -9) on
							the primary Walrus, failover to the secondary Walrus is not
							automatically triggered.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Cloud controller listen ports should be predictable (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3110"
								>EUCA-3110</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>It is possible to make configuration changes such that CLC port usage
							is predictable. Detailed changes are required in order to ensure this.
							Please contact Eucalyptus support for details </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euca-create-image from ebs backed instance fails, returns 0 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1333"
								>EUCA-1333</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>euca-create-image is currently unsupported.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>IP pages do not work properly for admin user in Eucalyptus User
							Console (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3548"
								>EUCA-3548</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>All user IP addresses are shown, rather than just the admin user's IP
							addresses.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Must use user-friendly names for mulitpathing(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-504"
								>DOC-504</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus connect scripts assume multipathing uses user friendly
							names instead of WWID for the multipath device names, so the
							"user_friendly_names" option must be enabled in /etc/multipath.conf.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ERR-1009 "Mismatched cryptographical keys" gets written too many
							times in cc-fault.log (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3986"
								>EUCA-3986</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Currently, CC may log this fault once for each process in the pool.
							This is because the logic that suppresses duplicate faults relies on
							process-local memory rather than memory regions shared across CC
							processes.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus Console https redirect doesn't work (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4104"
								>EUCA-4104</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When SSL is enabled for the user console, http requests do not
							automatically redirect to the proper https address, which can result in
							a blank page.</entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus 3.3 now requires JVM version 7 (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-5807"
								>EUCA-5807</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus 3.3 requires version 7 of the Java Virtual Machine. Make
							sure that your CLOUD_OPTS settings in the
							/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf file either do not set
								<codeph>--java-home</codeph>, or that <codeph>--java-home</codeph>
							points to a version 7 JVM. This needs to happen before services are
							started but after the upgraded packages are installed.</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
