<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_emc_vnx_multipath">
    <title>Configure NetApp Clustered ONTAP Support</title>

    <shortdesc/>

    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>A clustered ONTAP system consists of 2 or more individual NetApp storage controllers
                with attached disks. The basic building block is the HA pair, a term familiar from
                Data ONTAP 7G or 7-Mode environments. An HA pair consists of 2 identical
                controllers; each controller actively provides data services and has redundant
                cabled paths to the other controller’s disk storage. </p>
            <p>One of the key differentiators in a clustered ONTAP environment is that multiple HA
                pairs are combined together into a cluster to form a shared pool of physical
                resources available to applications. The shared pool appears as a single system
                image for management purposes. This means there is a single common point of
                management, whether through GUI or CLI tools, for the entire cluster. While the
                members of each HA pair must be the same controller type, the cluster can consist of
                heterogeneous HA pairs. Each NetApp® storage controller with in a cluster is also
                referred to as a node.</p>
            <p>For more information on NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP, see <xref
                    href="http://www.netapp.com/us/system/pdf-reader.aspx?m=tr-3982.pdf&amp;cc=us"
                    >Clustered Data ONTAP 8.1 and 8.1.1: An Introduction</xref>.</p>
            <p> Eucalyptus integrates with NetApp Clustered ONTAP by operating against a Vserver.
                The Eucalyptus Storage Controller (SC) in a region/cluster must be configured to use a
                Vserver contained in the NetApp Clustered ONTAP environment. SCs in
                other Eucalyptus regions/clusters may be configured to use the same or different
                Vservers. Eucalyptus only interacts with the configured Vserver and does not
                communicate with the Clustered ONTAP interfaces directly. A Vserver made available
                to Eucalyptus must satisfy the following requirements:</p>
            <ol>
                <li>The required iSCSI and FlexClone licenses are present in the Clustered ONTAP
                    environment.</li>
                <li>The administration of the Vserver must be delegated to an administrator and a
                    LIF must be configured exclusively for Vserver management. </li>
                <li>Data access protocols configured on the Vserver must include iSCSI. </li>
                <li>LIFs for transferring data must be configured on the Vserver. For an iSCSI
                    Vserver, at least two data LIFs may have to be setup for every node that is a
                    part of the Vserver.</li>
                <li>Aggregates that house volumes must be added to the Vserver and one or more
                    aggregates should be made available to Eucalyptus.</li>
                <li>Ensure network connectivity between Eucalyptus and the Vserver. SC must be able
                    to communicate with the Vserver over both management and data LIFs. NC must be
                    able to reach the Vserver over the data LIFs. </li>
            </ol>
            <p>Vserver configuration in Eucalyptus follows the same initial steps as NetApp 7-mode
                configuration. In addition, new properties have been introduced in 3.3 to account
                for Vserver setup. </p>
            <p>To configure Eucalyptus access to Vserver:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd> Configure the block storage manager to <codeph>netapp</codeph>. For
                    example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph> euctl-modify-property -p
                        <i>myregion</i>.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Configure <codeph>sanhost</codeph> property to use the Vserver IP address. For
                    example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euctl-modify-property -p <i>myregion</i>.storage.sanhost=<i>127.0.0.1</i>
                    </codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Set the <codeph>sanuser</codeph> property to the name of the Vserver admin
                    user. For example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euctl-modify-property -p
                            <i>myregion</i>.storage.sanuser=<i>vserver-admin</i>
                    </codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Set the <codeph>sanpassword</codeph> property to the Vserver admin password.
                    For example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euctl-modify-property -p
                            <i>myregion</i>.storage.sanpassword=<i>vserver-admin-password</i>
                    </codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Configure the network paths to be used by the SC for data transfer. For
                    example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euctl-modify-property -p
                            <i>myregion</i>.storage.scpaths=<i>yourSCpath</i>
                    </codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Configure the network paths to be used by the NC for data transfer. For
                    example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euctl-modify-property -p
                            <i>myregion</i>.storage.scpaths=<i>yourNCpath</i>
                    </codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <note> CHAP user support has been added to NetApp integration in Eucalyptus 3.3. SC
                    will not transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP user is configured. </note>
                <cmd> Configure the CHAP user. For example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euctl-modify-property -p
                            <i>myregion</i>.storage.chapuser=<i>chap-user-name</i></codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <note> This command may fail if tried immediately after configuring the block
                    storage manager. Retry the command a few times, pausing for a few seconds after
                    each retry. </note>
                <cmd> Configure the Vserver name. For example: </cmd>

                <info>
                    <codeph>euctl-modify-property -p
                            <i>myregion</i>.storage.vservername=<i>euca-vserver</i>
                    </codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        
    </taskbody>
</task>
