<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd" [
]>
<reference id="Glossary" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Glossary</title>
    <refbody>
        <section><dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>account code</dt>
                    <dd>A one to five digit number you can use to identify calls made to your
                        customers for accounting purposes.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>after-hours call</dt>
                    <dd>A call made when your office is closed.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>button</dt>
                    <dd>The "keys" next to the lamps on the telephone. You press the buttons to call
                        other telephones or to make an outside call.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>call forwarding</dt>
                    <dd>The ability to forward a call to another user in your company or to an
                        outside line.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>call transfer</dt>
                    <dd>The feature that lets you send a call to another telephone.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>call waiting</dt>
                    <dd>The feature that lets a call wait at your telephone if you are busy on
                        another call and reminds you the call is waiting.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>conference call</dt>
                    <dd>A call between up to 10 people.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>do not disturb</dt>
                    <dd>The feature that allows you to keep all calls from ringing at your
                        telephone.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>handset</dt>
                    <dd>The telephone receiver that you use to listen and speak.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>intercom calls</dt>
                    <dd>The calls you make to other telephones within the system.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>line-to-line call</dt>
                    <dd>A call forwarded or transferred between two different outside lines.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>privacy/flash button</dt>
                    <dd>Prevents automatic answering of intercom calls. If PRIVACY/FLASH is
                        preselected (pressed before lifting the handset or pressing Speaker), it
                        will force the other telephone to answer without the speakerphone.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>program button</dt>
                    <dd>The button that you use to begin programming your telephone.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>speakerphone</dt>
                    <dd>A built-in feature of your telephone that lets you speak and hear a
                        conversation without using the handset.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>speed dial button</dt>
                    <dd>The button, in conjunction with another button, that lets you speed dial an
                        outside number or automatically redial the last number dialed.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>speed transfer</dt>
                    <dd>A feature that allows you to transfer a call without waiting for a reply
                        from the person you are transferring to. Also called unscreened automatic
                        speed transfer.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>station</dt>
                    <dd>An individual telephone set.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>station buttons</dt>
                    <dd>The buttons you use to select other extensions in the system.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>system manager</dt>
                    <dd>The person authorized to make changes to the telephone system and to keep
                        records of the modifications.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>telephone extension number</dt>
                    <dd>A number from 200 to 263 that identifies each telephone in your system.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>tone</dt>
                    <dd>A series of distinctive sounds used by the system to indicate the type of
                        events occurring with your telephone.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>transfer hold</dt>
                    <dd>Allows a user on a call to press an SS button to place a party on hold and
                        initiate a transfer.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>64-button DSS/BLF</dt>
                    <dd>The 64-button accessory that contains 60 telephone and line buttons and
                        lamps and 4 function buttons. It is used to see the status of all lines and
                        stations and to quickly access them.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl></section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
