<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="fs_requirements">
 <title>Welcome</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>This guide provides instructions for a single-cluster deployment of Eucalyptus Open Source release 2.0.3 on a two-machine system running CentOS 5.6. Only one network mode is supported for these scripts: MANAGED_NOVLAN.</p>
 	<section>
 		<title>Requirements</title>
 		<p>Eucalyptus consists of the following distributed components:</p>
 		<ul>
 			<li>CLC: Cloud Controller (EC2 functionality)</li>
 			<li>Walrus (S3 functionality)</li>
 			<li>CC: Cluster Controller (middle-tier cluster management service)</li>
 			<li>SC: Storage Controller (EBS functionality)</li>
 			<li>NC: Node Controller (controls VM instances)</li>
 		</ul>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Hardware Requirements</title>
 		<p>You will need a minimum of two machines to host Eucalyptus components.</p>
 		<table>
 			<tgroup cols="4">
 				<thead>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Host</entry>
 						<entry>Eucalyptus Components</entry>
 						<entry>Minimum Disk Space</entry>
 						<entry>Minimum Memory</entry>
 					</row>
 				</thead>
 				<tbody>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Frontend</entry>
 						<entry>CLC, Walrus, CC, SC</entry>
 						<entry>100GB</entry>
 						<entry>4GB</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Node</entry>
 						<entry>NC</entry>
 						<entry>100GB</entry>
 						<entry>4GB</entry>
 					</row>
 				</tbody>
 			</tgroup>
 		</table>
 		<p>Be sure that all machines are running the latest release of CentOS 6.2. Test that all systems
 			allow SSH login, and that root access is available (sudo is okay).</p>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Network Requirements</title>
 		<ul>
 		<li>You must have a DHCP server available (installed but not running).</li>
 		<li>You must have range of available public IP addresses. These will be assigned to VM instances.</li>
 		<li>You must have large range of available private IP addresses. These will be used by a virtual subnet. They cannot overlap or contain any part of a physical network IP address space.</li>
 		</ul>
 	</section>
 
 <section>
 	<title>Software Requirements</title>
 	<p>You must have access to the following:</p>
 	<ul>
 		<li>CentOS 5.6 install CD #1. You can find the image on one of the mirrors here: http://isoredirect.centos.org/centos/5/isos/x86_64/. The file is labeled CentOS-5.6-x86_64-bin-1of8.iso.</li>
 		<li>Eucalyptus Fast Start media</li>
 	</ul>
 </section>
 
 </conbody>
</concept>
