<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_vfr_lj4_ff">
 <title>Register a Walrus</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>To register the Walrus, enter the following command on the Cloud
        Controller:<codeblock>euca_conf --register-walrus --partition walrus \
--host &lt;public_Walrus_IP_addr> --component &lt;unique_name>  </codeblock><note>
        For
        example:<codeblock>euca_conf --register-walrus --partition walrus --host 173.16.45.12 \
--component walrus-hostA </codeblock></note></p>
  <p>The following describes the command options:<ul id="ul_cwl_bj4_ff">
        <li><cmdname>--partition</cmdname>: The partition the component will belong to. The
          partition is analogous to an availability zone or cluster. Walrus is not part of any
          partition so the placeholder text <i>walrus</i> is used instead.</li>
        <li><cmdname>--component</cmdname>: The name ascribed to the Walrus. This is the name used
          to identify the Walrus in a human friendly way. This name is used when reporting system
          state changes which require attention. It must be globally-unique with respect to other
          component registrations.</li>
        <li><cmdname>--host</cmdname>: The public IP address of the Walrus host.</li>
      </ul><note>The component name <i>walrus-hostA</i> was chosen to accommodate Eucalyptus HA
        where the redundant Walrus service might be registered as <i>walrus-hostB</i>.  Notice that
        each component name is unique in the cloud and follows the form of
          <i>service_name-host_location</i>.</note></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
