<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="euca-run-instances">
	<title>euca-run-instances</title>

	<shortdesc>Runs instances of the specified machine image.</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-run-instances <b>image_id</b> [-n <b>count</b> ][-g 
				<b>group_name</b> ][-k <b>keyname</b> ][-d <b>user_data_file</b> ]
				[-t <b>instance_type</b> ][--kernel <b>kernel</b> ][--ramdisk <b>ramdisk</b> 
				][-b <b>block_device_mapping</b>][--monitor] [-z <b>zone</b> ]  <!--[-s <b>subnet</b>]--></codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>

					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>image_id</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the image to run</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-n,--instance-count <i>min[-max]</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Number of instances to run. If this is specified as a range
								(min-max), Eucalyptus will try to run the
								maximum number, but no fewer than the minimum
								number.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-g,--group <i>group</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Security group to run the instance in</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-k,--key <i>keypair</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of a key pair</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-d,--user-data <i>user_data</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>User data to pass to the instance</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-f,--user-data-file <i>user_data_file</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>File containing user data to pass to the instance </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-t,--instance-type</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Instance type to run.
								<draft-comment>Valid values:???</draft-comment>
							
							</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--kernel</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Kernel ID to be used</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--ramdisk</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Ramdisk ID to be used</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-b,--block-device-mapping </codeph></entry>
							<entry>Block device mapping for the instance. This is passed in the form of
								&lt;devicename>=&lt;blockdevice>, where: <codeph>devicename</codeph>
								is the device name of the physical device on the
								instance to map and <codeph>blockdevice</codeph> is one of
								the following values:
								<ul>
									<li><codeph>none</codeph>: Use this value to suppress existing mapping on the
										specified image for this device. For example: <codeph>/dev/sdc=none</codeph></li>
									<li><codeph>ephemeral[0..3]</codeph>: Use this value to indicate that an instance local
										storage device should be mapped to this device. For example: <codeph>/dev/sdc=ephemeral0</codeph></li>
									<li><codeph>[snapshot-id]:[size]:[delete-on-termination
										(true|false)]</codeph>: Use this value to map
										a device to an existing EBS-backed volume, and to specify
										whether the EBS volume should be deleted
										on termination. This value defaults to <codeph>true</codeph>.
										<p>To specify a new EBS-backed volume, skip the snapshot
											ID and pass in a volume size instead. For
											example:<codeph> /dev/sdb=:20</codeph>.</p></li>
								</ul></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<!--<row>
							<entry><codeph>-\-monitor</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Enable monitoring for the instance</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>-->
					<!--	<row>
							<entry><codeph>-s,-\-subnet</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Amazon VPC subnet ID for the instance</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>-->
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-z,--availability-zone</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Availability zone to run the instance in</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("RESERVATION")</li>
				<li>Instance ID that uniquely identifies each running instance</li>
				<li>EMI ID of the image on which the instance(s) are based</li>
				<li>Instance state. This is usually pending, which indicates that the instance(s) are preparing to launch</li>
				<li>Key pair name (if a key pair was associated with the instance at launch)</li>
				<li>Product code (if applicable)</li>
				<li>Instance type</li>
				<li>Instance launch time</li>
				<li>Availability zone</li>
				<li>Kernel ID</li>
				<li>RAM disk ID</li>
				<li>Monitoring status</li>
				<li>Root device type (ebs or instance-store)</li>
				<li>Placement group the cluster instance is in</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-run-instances -k mykey -g mygroup emi-15A1386E
RESERVATION r-D8A4438A  790547641019    default
INSTANCE    i-12623E16  emi-15A1386E    0.0.0.0 0.0.0.0 pending kp00
 0       m1.small    2012-01-01T00:00:00.000Z    zone00</codeblock>
		</section>
	</refbody>

</reference>
