<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="euca-register">
	<title>euca-register</title>
	<shortdesc>Registers a manifest for use with the cloud.</shortdesc>

	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-register [<b>manifest</b>] -n <b>name</b> [-d <b>description</b> ] 
				[-a <b>architecture</b> ][--kernel <b>kernel</b> ] [--ramdisk <b>ramdisk</b> ]
				[--root-device-name <b>root_device_name</b> ] [-b block_device_mapping ] 
				[-s <b>snapshot</b> ]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>

					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>manifest</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Path to the uploaded image (bucket/manifest). Required if you are registering
								an S3-based image.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Conditional</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-n,--name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of the image.
								<p>Constraints: 3-128 alphanumeric characters,
									parenthesis (()), commas (,), slashes (/), dashes (-),
									or underscores(_)</p></entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-d,--description <i>description</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Description of the image
								<p>Constraints: Up to 255 characters.</p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-a,--architecture <i>architecture</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>The architecture of the image 
								<p>Valid Values: <codeph>i386</codeph> | <codeph>x86_64</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--kernel</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Kernel ID associated with the image</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--ramdisk</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Ramdisk ID associated with the image </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--root-device-name <i>name</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Root device name (for example, /dev/sda1, or xvda) </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-b,--block-device-mapping <i>mapping</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Block device mapping for the instance. This is passed in the form of
								&lt;devicename>=&lt;blockdevice>, where: <codeph>devicename</codeph>
									is the device name of the physical device on the
									instance to map and <codeph>blockdevice</codeph> is one of
									the following values:
									<ul>
									<li><codeph>none</codeph>: Use this value to suppress existing mapping on the
									specified image for this device. For example: <codeph>/dev/sdc=none</codeph></li>
									<li><codeph>ephemeral[0..3]</codeph>: Use this value to indicate that an instance local
									storage device should be mapped to this device. For example: <codeph>/dev/sdc=ephemeral0</codeph></li>
									<li><codeph>[snapshot-id]:[size]:[delete-on-termination
									(true|false)]</codeph>: Use this value to map
										a device to an existing EBS-backed volume, and to specify
										whether the EBS volume should be deleted
										on termination. This value defaults to <codeph>true</codeph>.
										<p>To specify a new EBS-backed volume, skip the snapshot
									ID and pass in a volume size instead. For
									example:<codeph> /dev/sdb=:20</codeph>.</p></li>
									</ul>
							</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-s,--snapshot <i>snapshot</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>EBS snapshot ID to use as the root device</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("IMAGE")</li>
				<li>Image ID</li>
				<li/>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-register -a i386 --description 'My new image' --name 'myimage'
mah-bukkit/myimage.img.manifest.xml
IMAGE   emi-15A1386E</codeblock>
		</section>
	</refbody>

</reference>
