<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="eustore-install-image">
	<title>eustore-install-image</title>
	<shortdesc>Installs an image on your cloud. If you don’t have administrator
		credentials, you can install an image using the <codeph>–kernel</codeph> and
		<codeph>–ramdisk</codeph> options to refer to a kernel id and ramdisk ID already installed on the
		cloud. Eualyptus will ignore the kernel and ramdisk bundled with the image and refer to the previously uploaded ones.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
    	<title>Syntax</title>
    	<codeblock>eustore-install-image -i <b>image_name</b> [-b <b>bucket_name</b> | 
    	-t <b>tarball</b>] [-s <b>description</b>] [-a <b>architecture</b>]
    	[-p <b>prefix</b>] [-k <b>kernel_type</b>] [-d <b>directory</b>] 
    	[--kernel] [--ramdisk]</codeblock>
    </section>
  	<section>
  		<title>Options</title>
  		<table>
  			<tgroup cols="3">
  				<colspec colwidth="30*"/>
  				<colspec colwidth="55*"/>
  				<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
  				<thead>
  					<row>
  						<entry>Option</entry>
  						<entry>Description</entry>
  						<entry>Required</entry>
  					</row>
  				</thead>
  				
  				<tbody>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph> -i <i>image_name</i>, --image_name=<i>image_name</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Name of the image to install</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-b <i>bucket</i>, --bucket=<i>bucket</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Specify the bucket to store the images in. You must specify a bucket if you don't
  							specify a local image tarball.</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Conditional</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-t <i>tarball</i>, --tarball=<i>tarball</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Name local image tarball to install from.  You must specify a local tarball if you don't
  							specify a bucket.</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Conditional</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-s <i>description</i>, --description=<i>description</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Description of image, mostly used with -t option</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-a <i>architecture</i>, --architecture=<i>architecture</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Use with the <codeph>-t</codeph> option.
  							<p>Valid values: <codeph>i386</codeph> | <codeph>x86_64</codeph></p></entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-p <i>prefix</i>, --prefix=<i>prefix</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Prefix to use when naming the image, mostly used with -t option</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-k <i>kernel_type</i>, --kernel_type=<i>kernel_type</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Kernel type you're using. This option is required if you use the
  							<codeph>kernel</codeph> option.
  							<p>Valid values: <codeph>xen</codeph> | <codeph>kvm</codeph></p></entry>
  						<entry align="center">Conditional</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-d <i>directory</i>, --dir=<i>directory</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Specify a temporary directory for large files</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--kernel=<i>kernel</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Override bundled kernel with one already installed</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--ramdisk=<i>ramdisk</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Override bundled ramdisk with one already installed</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>-y, --yes</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Answers yes to questions during installation. Eucalyptus has a check-in tool that
  							helps prevent duplicate image/kernel/ramdisk installs. If there is one of the components
  							already installed, Eucalyputus prompts the user to use the existing one (yes), or install a new one.</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  				</tbody>
  			</tgroup>
  		</table>
  	</section>
  	<section conref="../shared/euare-common.dita#euare-common/euare_common_options"/>
  	
  	<section>
  		<title>Output</title>
  		<p>Eucalyptus generates the status of the install process.</p>
  	</section>
  	<section>
  		<title>Example</title>
  		<p>The following example shows an installation using an image from a bucket.</p>
  		<codeblock>eustore-install-image -i 3235725435 -b myimages
Downloading Image :  CentOS 5 1.3GB root, Single Kernel
0-----1-----2-----3-----4-----5-----6-----7-----8-----9-----10
##############################################################

Checking image bundle
Unbundling image
tar root = euca-centos-2012.1.14-x86_64
path = euca-centos-2012.1.14-x86_64
path = euca-centos-2012.1.14-x86_64/initrd.img-2.6.32-5-amd64
Bundling/uploading ramdisk
Checking image
...</codeblock>
  		<p>The following example shows an installation using an image from a local tarball.</p>
  		<codeblock>eustore-install-image -t /tmp/euca-centos-5.8-2012.05.14-x86_64.tgz -b images -s "centos 5.8 image" -k kvm -a x86_64</codeblock>
  	</section>
  	
  </refbody>
</reference>
