<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_tfb_bgm_vf">
 <title>HA and Redundancy</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>One of the pillars of high availability is redundancy.  If an active service or components
      fails, a passive service or component is brought online to maintain operation.   In a
      Eucalyptus cloud high availability is provided by a combination of: <ul id="ul_1q1_dgm_vf">
        <li>Eucalyptus service redundancy<ul id="ul_m2f_2gm_vf">
            <li>Cloud Controller, Walrus, Cluster Controller, Storage Controller, and VMware Broker
            </li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>Environmental redundancy<ul id="ul_m2x_2gm_vf">
            <li>Underlying server and components, network, storage, datacenter power and cooling
              redundancy </li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>Operational support<ul id="ul_snn_fgm_vf">
            <li>Maintaining proper configuration and operation </li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>It is not enough to have redundant cloud services because these cloud services still run on
      machines located in a datacenter. If the machines or the datacenter infrastructure fail, the
      cloud services can be interrupted. For this reason, the infrastructure supporting the cloud
      should have redundancy so that there are no, or at least very limited, single points of
      failure.</p>
    <p>It is also important to develop proper operational support and procedures for running the
      cloud.  For example, failure to properly monitor cloud services might result in failing to
      notice that a service has failed and is no longer redundant.   If the other service were to
      fail, cloud operation would be interrupted.   Another example would be that of not following
      proper administration procedures.  For example, the failure to start and stop cloud services
      in the proper sequence might affect proper cloud operation.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
