<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="define_task">
 <title>Define the Task</title>
	<shortdesc>Before you begin to write a procedure, be clear in your own mind what the task is. If you don't know, it's a sure bet that your readers won't.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  
  <p>It's a common error to try to pack more than one task in to a single procedure because the writer understands the bigger picture and wants to tell the whole story quickly. The reader, however, might only want to do one of the tasks—for reasons or circumstances you don't foresee.</p>
  
  <p>For example, you might write a procedure for logging in to a new product. But before readers can actually log in, they have to sign up for the product and get their security credentials. So, you might combine the two and call the procedure "To log in to ProductX." If however, at a later time, the user wants to remember how to look up the credentials, it's harder to find the right procedure, because it's buried in the middle of other instructions.</p>
  
  <note type="tip">Remember to be concise: One task, one procedure.</note>
  
  <p>After you have defined the task, you need to lay out the steps to accomplish that task in the simplest terms.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
