<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="describing_concepts">
 <title>Describing and Explaining Concepts</title>
	<shortdesc>This guideline covers how to describe and explain new concepts without losing or boring the reader. This is a critical balance that can make the difference in the users' effectiveness with the product.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>This guideline covers how to describe and explain new concepts without losing or boring the reader. This is a critical balance that can make the difference in the users' effectiveness with the product.</p>
   
   <p>After you have written the introduction and given the reader an overview of the product and how it works, then you develop the individual concepts that they need to understand.</p>
   
  <p>Concept descriptions differ from the product introduction because they are more topic focused
  	and less holistic. The introduction follows the Welcome and provides a detailed product overview.
  	Concept descriptions can appear throughout the documentation and give more exacting information
  	on specific components or ideas. For more information about introductions, see <xref
  		href="writing_intros.dita" />. </p>
  <note type="important">
   Before you start, the first step is to check all egos at the door. Readers don't want to be impressed with our knowledge; they want to understand the product.
  </note>
  <p>You can use a variety of methods to describe a concept. You might use diagrams, provide an example, or even write a short tutorial. The amount of material you provide is basically only bounded by three considerations: </p>
  <ul>
   <li>How little do they need to know to be productive?</li>
   <li>How much do they need to know to avoid problems?</li>
   <li>How much more productive will they be if I teach them to fish?</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Remember that your readers want to spend as little time with the documentation as possible, and have even less patience if you dive them into the background details. On the other hand, the effort is worthwhile if you can show them how they can avoid returning to the documentation again. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
