<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="lexical_ambiguity">
	<title>Lexical Ambiguity</title>
	<shortdesc>Lexical ambiguity happens when a single, unspecified word can have multiple referents. It is most commonly seen with pronouns.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Examle 1</title>
 		<p><i>The key itself is the private key in a key pair.</i></p> 
 		<p>Which key is itself? This is a fairly simple case that can be resolved by describing the key more clearly, such as: “The User key in the previous example is the private key in a key pair.” </p>
 	</example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 2</title>
 		<p><i>The changes to your distribution's logging configuration take effect within 12 hours, but it may take less time.</i></p> 
 		<p>"It" should refer either to the configuration or the distribution, but not to "changes"--which is plural. The quick way out of this example is to drop the word it; the ambiguity then disappears.</p>
 	</example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 3</title>
 		<p><i>Those parameters include all of the response parameters, including status parameters, which tell you whether or not the sender successfully changed the payment instrument.</i></p>
 		<p>What is the antecedent to "which," all the parameters, or just those for status? Assuming the
 			antecedent is “status,” you can put the parenthetic subclause into parentheses, and remove the confusing comma. “&#8230;parameter, including the status parameters (which tell you whether &#8230;).</p>
 		<p>This brings up an important side point. The more commas you have in a sentence, the more likely someone is going to misread it.</p>
 	</example>
 	
 	<!--I only have an AWS example. Still don't know enough Euca
 		<example>
 		<title>Example 4</title>
 		<p><i>Existing payment buttons are seller products that let someone accept payments, whereas the Amazon Simple Pay Marketplace is a developer product that lets someone facilitate payments between a buyer and a seller.</i></p>  
 		Where do the existing buttons exist&#8212;on FPS or somewhere else?
 		The essential problem here is that existing payment buttons is a sweeping, global statement. It just needs to be scoped in a little, such as “Existing FPS payment buttons,” or “Payment buttons on other systems&#8230;”
 	</example>-->
 
 <example>
 	<title>Example 4</title>
 	<p><i>In that case, you need to use the verification process described in the Appendix.</i></p>
 	<p>"In that case" is a common phrase from certain non-native writers. It is used to mean "When the
 		last thing I stated happens." Frequently it works, but just as frequently there are two or three
 		"cases" and no indication which one is "that case." Unlike other languages, English has no
 		different word for “this.” So we have to use a couple more words. For example, “When authentication fails, you need to use the verification process&#8230;”</p>
 </example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 5</title>
 		<p><i>By default, network access is turned off to a new RDS DBSecurityGroup; you must specifically authorize access to an IP range for a new security group after it is created.</i></p>
 		<p>What is "it," the IP range or the security group? It might be obvious if you stop and think about it&#8230;but the point is to make the writing clear so that the reader doesn’t have to stop and think.</p>
 	</example>
 
 <example>
 	<title>Example 6</title>
 	<p><i>Accept the default values for this example, then click Continue.</i></p>
 	<p>Does "for this example" refer to default values that have been put into the example or merely the act of accepting the values?
 	Rewritten for clarity you can see the two meanings: “For this example, accept any default values,
 	and then click Continue.” Or: “Accept the default values given in this example, and then click
 	Continue."</p>
 </example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 7</title>
 		<p><i>Eucalyptus runs a web server and configures it on the front end machine when it installs
 			the software.</i></p>
 	<p>Does the second "it" refer to Eucalyptus, the web server, or the front end machine? The first
 		"it" was clearly the web server. Again, you can stop and reason it out, but you shouldn’t have to. Remember that no matter how fast we read, it’s still left-to-right; so when you stack up a row of nouns, and then put in an unqualified pronoun, the reader naturally wants to make the nearest noun into the antecedent. </p></example>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
