<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="proc_with_substeps">
	<title>Example Procedure with Substeps</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>This procedure shows how to break up a longer procedure with a set of substeps.</p>
        </context>
    	<steps>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>From the Windows Start menu, open the WSE Configuration tool.</cmd>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Open the <filepath>wse3policyCache.config</filepath> file for the Enqueue project (..\C#\SimpleQueueService\Enqueue\).</cmd>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>On the <uicontrol>General</uicontrol> tab, select <uicontrol>Enable this project for Web Services Enhancements</uicontrol>.</cmd>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>If you haven’t signed in, follow the prompts to log in.</cmd>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Policy</uicontrol> tab to create a new policy:</cmd>
    			<substeps>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>Select <uicontrol>Enable Policy</uicontrol>.</cmd>
    				</substep>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>Under <uicontrol>Edit Application Policy</uicontrol>, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol> to specify the policy to enable.</cmd>
    					<stepresult>The <uicontrol>Add or Modify Policy Friendly Name</uicontrol> dialog box opens.</stepresult>
    				</substep>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Add or Modify Policy Friendly Name</uicontrol> dialog box, type a name for the name of the policy, and then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
    					<stepresult>The <uicontrol>WSE Security Settings Wizard</uicontrol> is displayed.</stepresult>
    				</substep>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>Follow the instructions in the wizard to create your new policy.</cmd>
    				</substep>
    				
    			</substeps>
    			
    		</step>
    	</steps>
    	<example>
    		<codeblock><![CDATA[<steps>
	<step>
		<cmd>From the Windows Start menu, open the WSE Configuration tool.</cmd>
	</step>
	<step>
		<cmd>Open the <filepath>wse3policyCache.config</filepath> file for the Enqueue project
			(..\C#\SimpleQueueService\Enqueue\).</cmd>
	</step>
	<step>
		<cmd>On the <uicontrol>General</uicontrol> tab, select <uicontrol>Enable this project for Web
				Services Enhancements</uicontrol>.</cmd>
	</step>
	<step>
		<cmd>If you haven’t signed in, follow the prompts to log in.</cmd>
	</step>
	<step>
		<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Policy</uicontrol> tab to create a new policy:</cmd>
		<substeps>
			<substep>
				<cmd>Select <uicontrol>Enable Policy</uicontrol>.</cmd>
			</substep>
			<substep>
				<cmd>Under <uicontrol>Edit Application Policy</uicontrol>, click <uicontrol>Add</uicontrol>
					to specify the policy to enable.</cmd>
				<stepresult>The <uicontrol>Add or Modify Policy Friendly Name</uicontrol> dialog box
					opens.</stepresult>
			</substep>
			<substep>
				<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Add or Modify Policy Friendly Name</uicontrol> dialog box, type a
					name for the name of the policy, and then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
				<stepresult>The <uicontrol>WSE Security Settings Wizard</uicontrol> is
					displayed.</stepresult>
			</substep>
			<substep>
				<cmd>Follow the instructions in the wizard to create your new policy.</cmd>
			</substep>

		</substeps>

	</step>
</steps>]]></codeblock>
    	</example>
    	
    </taskbody>
</task>
