<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="process_or_procedure">
 <title>Is It a Process or a Procedure?</title>
	<shortdesc>The major difference between a process and a procedure is that a process amplifies a concept, and a procedure is a set of elemental instructions. A process either clarifies how something works or describes a series of procedures. By contrast, a procedure instructs how to do something—describing each necessary step completely. You can keep that distinction clear for the reader by using different styles.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  
  <p>A process can answer the questions: How does it work?, What happens when?, and When do I need to do it?</p>
  
 <p> A procedure primarily answers the question: How do I do it?. But it can also answer: Where do I do it?, and What does the result look like?</p>
  
  <p>At Eucalyptus we use the following process and procedure terminology:</p>
  <ul>
  <li><b>Task&#8212;</b>A discrete, complete activity. A procedure completes a task; a process can be composed of several tasks.</li>
  
   <li><b>Step&#8212;</b>An elemental action in a procedure.</li>
  
   <li><b>Substep&#8212;</b>An incremental pieces of a step. Substeps are often necessary to break down a step when is has multiple components.</li>
  </ul>
  <p>Art, skill, and house style are involved in defining the gray line between a complex procedure
   with many substeps and a process containing multiple procedures. Deciding which is better comes
   as a part of the developmental edit. As you gain experience with our house style, your writing
   becomes more consistent, requiring fewer edits.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
