<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="ref_in_same_doc">
	<title>References within the Same Product Documentation</title>
	<shortdesc>Within a document you have a couple options to orient the reader to additional information. Basically, you can point to content on the same page or to information elsewhere in the doc. Use the following guidelines for same-page and off-page references.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 
 		<section>
 		<title>Same Page References</title>
 		
 		<p>When the target is another paragraph or object on the same page as the referent:</p>
 		<ul>
 		<li>Don’t use a link. Instead, refer to the target as "following" or "preceding." 		
 		<p>Exception: If the page is more than three screens long, and the target is also in another major
 		section on the page, use a link.</p></li>
 		
 		<li>Don’t use "above" or "below." These are visual-based terms that don’t align with usability recommendations.</li>
 		
 		<li>Search the document for "above" and "below" and replace them.</li>
 		</ul>
 		</section>
 	<section>
 		<title>Off-Page References</title>
 		
 		<p>Off-page references can target sections, graphics, tables etc. Almost all off-page references are to supplementary information. The notable exceptions are references to glossary terms, actions, data types, and similar structured content. For more information, see the following section on links to structured content. For all other off-page references, use the following guidelines.</p></section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
