<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="terms">
	<title>Terms</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>Here are the terms we use at Eucalyptus.</p>
		<dl>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>above</dt>
				<dd>Use only for physical space or screen descriptions, e.g., "the outlet above the floor,"
					or "the foo button above the bar pane." <p>For orientation within a document use previous,
						preceding, or earlier.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>acronyms</dt>
				<dd>Spell uncommon terms out at first use. For example: Department of Homeland Security
					(DHS) <p>Common acronyms (such as SOAP, RSA, WWW) don't need spelling out.</p>
					<p>Don't use an apostrophe to make an acronym plural. That is, use ASPs, not ASP's.
						action</p>
					<p>Capitalize as shown. Depending on the product, this can also be an operation or a
						function. Use the same term consistently within each product. </p></dd>
			</dlentry>

			<!--address

Use to refer to a physical street address, email, or an IP address. Don't use to refer to other Internet addresses, such as URLs.-->
			<dlentry>
				<dt>affect vs. effect</dt>
				<dd>An affect is an influence; an effect is a result. If you affect the outcome, you modify
					it. If you effect the outcome, you cause it. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>allow</dt>
				<dd>Use exclusively to refer to permissions.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>AM</dt>
				<dd>Ante Meridian. Caps, no periods. Use only if absolutely necessary for times in local
					time zones between midnight and noon. For all other purposes, use UTC times. <note>Note
						that midnight and noon are on the meridians and are neither AM nor PM.</note></dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Ampersand (&amp;)</dt>
				<dd>In body text, use exclusively when quoting a reference or resource that requires the
					symbol. For example: AT&amp;T. <p>Don't use to shorten any phrase that has the word "and"
						in it.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Amazon Web Services</dt>
				<dd> All in caps, all the time. Use "AWS" only after first defining the acronym and when
					using "Amazon Web Services" seems like overuse. Do not use the capitalized form to refer
					to more than one AWS product. See also web service.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Amazon Web Services account</dt>
				<dd>Used to describe what developers need in order to use the web services or sign up
					for other web services. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Amazon Web Services website</dt>

				<dd>Used to describe all of the web properties under http://aws.amazon.com. <p>Example: See
					the <xref href="http://aws.amazon.com">Amazon Web Services website</xref> for the
						complete licensing restrictions.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>American vs. British and other English dialects</dt>
				<dd>There are a number of differences in spelling and grammar between American and other
					English dialects. Our formal, world-wide publications use American style. If a publication
					is written specifically for distribution to a local market, the stylistic rules of that
					market apply. That is, if an email is targeted at South Africa, use the spelling and
					grammar conventions of that region. <p>When in doubt use the Merriam-Webster Dictionary
						for correct spellings. Always use the first spelling given; this is the preferred
						spelling in American English. </p></dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>and/or</dt>
				<dd>Although popular, the phrase is ambiguous and unnecessary in technical writing. Use
					either "both...and" or "either...or," as the situation requires. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>app vs. application</dt>
				<dd>Using "app" is acceptable when talking about a software application. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>appear, display, and open</dt>
				<dd> Messages and pop-up boxes appear. Windows, pages, and applications open. The verb
					display requires a definite object. For example: The system displays the error message.
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>appendix</dt>
				<dd>In technical documentation, use the plural appendices. Use appendixes when referring to
					the veriform appendage in the human anatomy.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>as</dt>
				<dd>As is primarily an adverb. Use it in constructions like twice as long or Storage Controller as opposed
					to Walrus. <p>Don't use it as a conjuction in place of because. This is frequently
						ambiguous and slows the reader down to parse your meaning.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>as well as</dt>
				<dd>Ambiguous. Use in addition to or and as appropriate.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>backward compatible</dt>
				<dd>No S.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>base64</dt>
				<dd>Standard usage for quadrosexagesimal (cool word, huh?) is the format base64. Note
					capitalization and spacing. There is no convention on hyphenation, so avoid it.
						<p>Example: Use a base64 encoded URL. You must use base64 encoding.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>below</dt>
				<dd>Use only for physical space or screen descriptions, e.g., "the outlet below the vent,"
					or "the foo button below the bar pane." For orientation within a document use following or
					later.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>below the fold</dt>
				<dd>Jargon. Don't use in technical documentation.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>beta</dt>
				<dd>Label products in beta as such. Use "(Beta)" in product titles, navigational categories,
					or other places where it's necessary to promote that a product is in a beta period. For
					example: Eucalyptus Enterprise Edition 4.0 (Beta). Placing the beta label in titles
					provides a first mention notation for beta products, so it is not necessary to always use
					the notation in content.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>bits per second</dt>
				<dd>Use bps</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>bold</dt>
				<dd>Use only as an adjective, such as "The characters in bold indicate..." Don't use
					boldface.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Boolean</dt>
				<dd>Always capitalized: a Boolean value 
					<p>Values for Booleans are true and false. These
						values appear in web service messages as these words, in lowercase. All references to
						Boolean values in Eucalyptus technical documentation should be marked <tt>true</tt> and
							<tt>false</tt>, with that spelling and casing, including at the beginning of
						sentences. Avoid using a Boolean value name at the beginning of a sentence or sentence
						fragment. </p></dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>bookmark</dt>
				<dd>Industry standard term for a saved link. Don't use favorite.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>bottom</dt>
				<dd> Use only as a general screen reference, such as, "scroll to the bottom of the page."
					Don't use for window, page, or pane references to features or controls; use lower instead.
					For example: "Click the button on the lower left."</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>browse</dt>
				<dd>Use when referring to scanning information. Don't use when describing how to navigate to
					a particular item on our site or a computer. <p>Correct: "Navigate to the Eucalyptus
						Console."</p>
					<p>Incorrect: "Browse to the Eucalyptus Console."</p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>build</dt>
				<dd>Only use to mean compile and link code. It is also acceptable as a noun in programming
					documentation.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>capitalization</dt>
				<dd>This topic comes up often, which is why it's included here. Note the specific use of
					capitalization in the words on this list. In general, use title capitalization for heading
					titles. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>cancel, canceled, canceling</dt>
				<dd>The spelling with two els is British in origin and, although a recognized alternative,
					is non-standard for American English. <p>Exception: cancellation is correct.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>comma usage</dt>
				<dd>Use the serial comma in sentences that contain lists of three or more items. <p>Example:
						"...configure, install, and test."</p>
					<p>For more information about comma usage see the extended comma usage guidelines.</p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>contractions</dt>
				<dd>Contractions such as you're, it's, can't, or don't are easier for the reader to parse
					and avoid confusion. These forms are preferred. For more discussion and examples, go to To
					Contract or not to Contract.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>copyrights</dt>
				<dd>Don't use the copyright symbol in Eucalyptus technical publications. We note copyrights for
					Eucalyptus on the copyright page.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>desire</dt>
				<dd>See wish.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>EBS</dt>
				<dd>Acronym for Eucalyptus block store (or Amazon Elastic Block Store service). Never use bfEBS.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>e.g.</dt>
				<dd>exempli gratis. Frequently confused with i.e. Use to mean for example.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>email</dt>
				<dd>One word, no hyphen, no plural.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>future tense</dt>
				<dd>Use present tense; avoid needless use of future tense. It only adds to the wordiness of
					a sentence and is more difficult to translate. Use will for clear cases of future effect.
				</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>GMT</dt>
				<dd>Greenwich Mean Time (archaic). Use UTC instead. </dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>Hadoop</dt>
				<dd>Capitalize as shown.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>heading formats</dt>
				<dd>All headings use title case e.g. Error and Trace Reports (refer to the Chicago Manual of
					Style for detailed instructions on title case). <p>Exception: See Headings Cascade for
						Procedural Sections for guidelines on heading styles in procedure guides.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>HTTP</dt>
				<dd>Hypertext Transfer Protocol. Capitalize as shown. </dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>HTTPS</dt>
				<dd>Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure. Capitalize as shown. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			
			<dlentry>
				<dt>IaaS</dt>
				<dd>Capitalization as shown. See Infrastructure as a Service.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			
			<dlentry>
				<dt>ID</dt>
				<dd>ID is the preferred capitalization as opposed to Id. To reduce a reader's confusion, the
					writer might avoid using the abbreviation ID and use instead a word equivalent, such as
					identity or token or identifier.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>i.e.</dt>
				<dd>id est. Frequently confused with e.g. Use to mean that is.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Infrastructure as a Service</dt>
				<dd>Capitalization as shown. Abbreviated as IaaS.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>Internet</dt>
				<dd>Internet is always capitalized when referring to the world-wide TCP/IP inter-network.
					Describe other inter-networks, while technically internets, without using the word
					internet since it is confusing to readers.</dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>key pair</dt>
				<dd>Two words.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>latinisms</dt>
				<dd>Common terms that are widely known, like i.e., e.g., per, and via, are allowed. Use them
					correctly!</dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>may</dt>
				<dd>The word may is ambiguous in English. In some contexts it means can, in others allowed
					to or should, and in still others might. Use one of the unambiguous terms instead.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>metadata</dt>
				<dd>One word.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>must/shall/should</dt>
				<dd>Must and shall refer to requirements. If the reader doesn't follow the instruction,
					something won't work right. <p>Should is used with recommendations. If the reader doesn't
						follow the instruction, it might be harder or slower, but it'll work.</p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>namespace</dt>
				<dd>One word.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<!--<dlentry>
	<dt>operation</dt>
	<dd>Capitalize as shown. Depending on the product, this can also be an action or a function. Use the same term consistently within each product. </dd>
</dlentry>-->

			<dlentry>
				<dt>PaaS</dt>
				<dd>Capitalization as shown. See Platform as a Service.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>parentheses</dt>
				<dd>Use parentheses (or parens for short) to add tangentially related information (such as
					an example or commentary) to a sentence. You can set off information that is more closely
					related to the topic of the sentence with commas or em-dashes. <p>Punctuation: If the
						parentheses are within a sentence, place all punctuation (commas, periods etc.) outside
						the parentheses.</p>
					<p>If the parentheses stand alone outside any other sentence, all punctuation belongs
						inside the parens.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>passives</dt>
				<dd>See voice. </dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>per</dt>
				<dd>Use in the meaning of for each, such as miles per hour. Don't use to mean quot;according
					to, as in according to RFC 2142.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Platform as a Service</dt>
				<dd>Capitalization as shown. Abbreviated as PaaS.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>PM</dt>
				<dd>Post Meridian. Caps, no periods. Use only if absolutely necessary for times in local
					time zones between noon and midnight. For all other purposes, use UTC times. <p>Note that
						midnight and noon are on the meridians and are neither AM nor PM.</p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>pronouns</dt>
				<dd>Always verify the antecedents. Is it clear who is doing what?</dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>quotation marks</dt>
				<dd>Usage: Use quotes for actually quoted words or phrases from other text sources. Don't
					use quotes to call out special, or unfamiliar, words or phrases; use italics instead.
						<p>Punctuation: Follow American instead of Oxford style: Place periods and commas inside
						quotation marks, but place question and exclamation marks outside the quotes—unless they
						are a part of the quotation.</p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>referer</dt>
				<dd>Specifically for the HTTP referer. Originally misspelled in the specification, this is
					now the generally accepted spelling for this one case. <p>Always spell as <b>referrer</b>
						for all other uses.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>REST</dt>
				<dd>Representational State Transfer. Always abbreviated, always capitalized. Generally used
					in discussions to contrast with SOAP. <p>If the web service uses both query- and
						resource-based REST calls, keep the distinction clear using the terms REST and
						REST-Query. </p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>SaaS</dt>
				<dd>Capitalization as shown. See Software as a Service.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			
			
			<dlentry>
				<dt>SSH</dt>
				<dd>Secure SHell. When discussing the concept or technology, the initials are capitalized.
					Only when discussing or using the command ssh are they written in lowercase. </dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>should</dt>
				<dd>Indicates a recommendation.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>since</dt>
				<dd>Use only to describe time events. For example: "Getting datasets into Walrus is easy,
					ever since AWS Import/Export launched." Don't use in place of because. </dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>SOAP</dt>
				<dd>Simple Object Access Protocol. Always abbreviated, always capitalized. </dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>Software as a Service</dt>
				<dd>Capitalization as shown. Abbreviated as SaaS.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>spam</dt>
				<dd>Mass noun, no plural. For example, "How much spam do you get?" Not, "How many..."</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>start-up</dt>
				<dd>A fledgling business enterprise. <p>Start up is a slang verb form, as in "I want to
						start my own business up." The word up is deleted in formal writing.</p>
					<p>Startup is a small town in Snohomish County, Washington.</p>
					<p>(source: Merriam-Webster) </p></dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>subject/pronoun number agreement</dt>
				<dd>A pronoun should always agree in number with the antecedent noun it refers to. That is,
					a plural noun such as customers takes the plural pronoun they; a singular noun like
					Internet takes the singular pronoun it. Use of they or them to refer to a singular noun of
					indeterminate sex should be avoided. You can usually accomplish this by changing the noun
					to a plural. In other cases, you can rewrite a sentence to avoid the need for a pronoun
					altogether.</dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>they, them, themselves</dt>
				<dd>See subject-pronoun number agreement. </dd>
			</dlentry>

			<!--
trademarks

    Don't use trademark symbols in AWS technical publications. We note trademarks for Amazon and other companies on the documentation Welcome page. -->

			<dlentry>
				<dt>user</dt>
				<dd>In most cases replace with the more direct form you. Reserve user for cases where you
					are referring to a third party (not the audience you are writing for).</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>UTC</dt>
				<dd>Universal Coordinated Time, aka Zulu time (after the Z that is often added after UTC
					time descriptions). Use this instead of GMT when describing times and time zones. </dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>voice</dt>
				<dd>Whenever possible use the active voice instead of passive. Passives are wordier and
					often cause the writer to obscure the details of the action. For example, change the
					agentless passive it is recommended to the more direct we recommend. <p>The voice and tone
						of Eucalyptus technical publications is direct and friendly. We speak directly to the reader as
						you and refer to Eucalyptus as we. The overall tone is informal, informative, and friendly
						without getting chatty.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>Web vs. web</dt>
				<dd>Always use web. We do this not only to avoid confusion around capitalizing things like
					web service, but also to match the progressive writing styles of other technology sites
					(such as Wired, and BBC).</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>web service</dt>
				<dd>Note capitalization. Use web services to describe more than one. Otherwise, where it's
					important to note the distinction, use Eucalptus offerings, Eucalyptus products, or web services
					offered by Eucalyptus. 
					<p>When referring to AWS, don't use the redundant AWS web services.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>website</dt>
				<dd>One word, lower-case. </dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>while vs. although or whereas</dt>
				<dd>Restrict while to its meaning of “during an interval of time.” Don't use it as a synonym
					for although because it is often ambiguous. Whereas is a better alternative to although in
					many cases, but it can sound overly formal.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>White list, whitelisting</dt>
				<dd>Avoid whenever possible. Use the alternate terms approved or verified. Although white
					list has many innocent uses and has been largely sanitized, it still carries its original,
					highly-discriminatory meaning for some readers.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>will</dt>
				<dd>Avoid needless use of future tense. It only adds to the wordiness of a sentence and is
					more difficult to translate. Use will for clear cases of future effect. <p>Example: If you
						delete your account, you will lose all your stored data.</p></dd>
			</dlentry>


			<dlentry>
				<dt>Wish/want/desire vs. need</dt>
				<dd>Wish and desire are weak versions of want; don't use them. Do not confuse wants with
					needs. Use the term that is appropriate to the situation. Need connotes a requirement or
					obligation; want indicates that you have an intent, but still a choice of valid
					actions.</dd>
			</dlentry>


		</dl>
	</conbody>
</concept>
