<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="writing_con_descs">
 <title>Writing Concept Descriptions</title>
 <shortdesc>Provides guidelines for providing conceptual information.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>All concepts whether they are in a special section or JIT should provide the following information: </p>
  <ul>
   <li>Name each concept and use the same naming consistently.
    
    <p>Inconsistent naming and terminology slows comprehension, and can lead to misunderstandings and errors.</p></li>
   <li>What makes it important?
    
    <p>If you can't explain why a concept is important, either you don't understand it or the user doesn't need to be bothered with it.</p></li>
   <li>When do you use it?
    
    <p>Whenever possible, our explanations should be functional. Always steer the focus to making the customer productive.</p></li>
   <li>How does it work?
    
    <p>If it is a function or process that is outside the user's control, use a diagram or examples to show how it functions or flows.</p></li>
   <li>Point (link) to any information on how to use the concept.
    
    <p>Don't put instructions into the concept descriptions. You can enhance a procedure with concepts (i.e. the JIT model). However, users shouldn't have to hunt through a conceptual section to find information on how to use the product.</p></li>
  </ul>
  <note type="important">
   Always make it easy to jump directly to the hands-on instructions. 
  </note>
 </conbody>
</concept>
