<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="writing_welcome">
 <title>Writing the Welcome Page</title>
 <shortdesc>This guideline describes how to write the Welcome page and to clarify its components.
  Every guide we publish must have a Welcome page. It functions as a title page for the HTML
  output.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <note type="important">The ID for the Welcome page must be <codeph>welcome</codeph> and the
   filename must be <filepath>index.dita</filepath>.</note>

  <section>
   <title>Writing the User/Admin Guide Welcome Page</title>
   <p>When writing a new Welcome page use the following layout and guidelines. To write a Welcome
    page for a User or Administration Guide:</p>
   <ol>
    <li>Open with a brief description of the guide. There is no heading to this paragraph: <ul>
      <li>Make it clear what the expected audience is</li>

      <li>Make it clear what information will be presented in the doc</li>

      <li>Explain the benefit of reading the doc <p>Example: “The Administration Guide provides you
        with an overview of the administration features, a description of management best practices,
        and detailed information about all administration-related actions.”</p></li>
     </ul></li>

    <li> Follow with a brief description of the product. There is no heading to this paragraph.
      <p>Example: “Eucalyptus is open source software for building Amazon Web Services compatible
      private and hybrid clouds.”</p>
    </li>
    <li>Construct a new table: <ul>
      <li>Table section name “How Do I…?”</li>

      <li>Table content is comprised of customer task-oriented statements in the left column
       followed by links to information in the right column. This should not be an exhaustive list
       of tasks or references, but rather should direct the users to the most important and
       frequently needed tasks.</li>
     </ul></li>
   </ol>
   <p>The following example shows the basic structure and layout of the How Do I...? table. In an
    actual document, all the "Relevant Topics" would be linked.</p>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="2">
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>How Do I...?</entry>
       <entry>Relevant Topics</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Get a summary of private cloud management tasks</entry>
       <entry>Managing Your Cloud</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Get a summary of access features</entry>
       <entry>Managing Access to Your Cloud</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Get a summary of images and tasks</entry>
       <entry>Managing Images</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
  
  <section>
   <title>Writing the Euca2ools or Other Reference Welcome Page</title>
   <p>The CLI reference (and any forthcoming API reference) is a simple resource. Reference guides
   have a simpler Welcome page. See the current the Euca2ools (CLI) Guide for help.</p>
   
   
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
