<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="hybrid_guide_welcome">
	<title>Hybrid Cloud Overview</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic presents a definition of hybrid cloud and some use cases for developing a
		hybrid cloud.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus</keyword>
				<keyword>hybrid cloud</keyword>
				<keyword>Amazon Web Services</keyword>
				<keyword>AWS</keyword>
				<indexterm>hybrid cloud</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>

	</prolog>
	<body>
		<p>Welcome to the Eucalyptus Hybid Cloud Guide.</p>
		<p>Guide version: <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#vers/buildversionstring"/></p>
		<section>
			<title>What is a Hybrid Cloud?</title>
			<p>A <i>hybrid</i> cloud computing environment combines a variety of deployment scenarios. When
				application workloads can move between a public cloud and an on-premise cloud
				environment, it’s a hybrid cloud. Amazon Web Services (AWS) used with Eucalyptus is
				a hybrid cloud. </p>
			<p>In general, public clouds provide convenience of deployment, and private clouds provide
				control (control over expenses, control over configuration and performance, control
				over data and security). Together, in a hybrid cloud, they provide flexibility to
				run workloads wherever desired at any given moment. In financial terms, public
				clouds are expensive to operate for their users, and private clouds are skewed
				towards capital expenditures. </p>
			<p> To enable workload mobility between the various clouds in a hybrid environment, APIs must be
				compatible. Eucalyptus was built from the ground up to be API-compatible with Amazon
				Web Services. </p>
			<p>There are many use cases for hybrid clouds, including:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>
					Develop and test on a private cloud, then deploy for production on a public cloud for global scalability and elasticity.
				</li>
				<li> Develop and test on a public cloud, then deploy for production in the protection and
					security of a private cloud. </li>
				<li> Run the base load on a cost-efficient private cloud and use the public cloud for workload
					spikes (this is known as <i>cloudbursting</i>). </li>
				<li>
					Use hybrid cloud for backup and disaster recovery
				</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
