<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_xzm_jnm_vf">
 <title>Register VMware Brokers</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p> Register the first VMware Broker with the primary Cloud Controller, if you are running VMware
            hypervisors in your cluster. It will automatically start in an ENABLED state.  Run the
            following command on the primary Cloud
            Controller.<codeblock>euca_conf --register-vmwarebroker --component &lt;VB1_unique_name> \
     --partition &lt;cluster_name> --host &lt;VB1_public_IP_address> </codeblock></p>
  <p> You can choose your own name for the <cmdname>--component</cmdname> option as long as both
            VMware Brokers are given unique names and they readily identify the VMware Brokers for
            you when you see them later on in Eucalyptus Administrator Console or
                <cmdname>euca-describe-services</cmdname> command-line output. For example, the
            component name vb-hostE describes the service function and host location.  </p>
    <p>The name for the <cmdname>--partition</cmdname> option should be the same as the name of the
            cluster the VMware Broker will run in.  </p>
  <p>Register the second VMware Broker with the primary Cloud Controller. It will automatically
            start in a DISABLED state.  Run the following command on the primary Cloud
            Controller.<codeblock>euca_conf --register-vmwarebroker --component &lt;VB2_unique_name> \
     --partition &lt;cluster_name> --host &lt;VB2_public_IP_address> </codeblock></p>
  <p>Choose a unique component name for the second VMware Broker - for example, vb-hostF. <note>The
        partition name should be the name assigned to the cluster.</note></p>
  <p>Repeat these steps for each cluster in the cloud that use VMware as the hypervisor type.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
