<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_crl_tnm_vf">
 <title>Register Storage Controllers</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Register the first Storage Controller with the primary Cloud Controller. –It will automatically
   start in an ENABLED state. Run the following command on the primary Cloud
   Controller.<codeblock>euca_conf --register-sc --component &lt;SC1_unique_name> \
     --partition &lt;cluster_name> --host &lt;SC1_public_IP_address></codeblock>
   You can choose your own name for the <cmdname>--component</cmdname> option as long as
   both Storage Controllers are given unique names and they readily identify the Storage Controllers
   for you when you see them later on in Eucalyptus Administrator Console or
    <cmdname>euca-describe-services</cmdname> command-line output. For example, the component name
   sc-hostG describes the service function and host location.  </p>
    <p>The name for the <cmdname>--partition</cmdname> option should be the same as the name of the
            cluster the Storage Controllers will run in.  </p>
  <p>Register the second Storage Controller with the primary Cloud Controller. It will automatically
                        start in a DISABLED state.  Run the following command on the primary Cloud
                        Controller.<codeblock>euca_conf --register-sc --component &lt;SC2_unique_name> \
     --partition &lt;cluster_name> --host &lt;SC2_public_IP_address></codeblock>Choose
                        a unique component name for the second Storage Controller - for example,
                        sc-hostH. </p>
  <note>The partition name should be the name assigned to the cluster.</note>
  <p>Repeat these steps for each cluster in the cloud.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
