<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-images">
	<title>euca-describe-images</title>

	<shortdesc>Shows information about an image you own, or an image you have been given permission
		ot execute, or a public image owned by someone else. </shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-images  [-a][-o <b>owner</b> ][-x <b>executable_by</b> ]
      [ image ] [[--filter "name=value"] ...]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>

					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>image</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Image ID to describe </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-a, --all</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Describe all Eucalyptus machine images (EMIs)</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-o, owner <i>owner</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Returns EMIs owned by the specified owner. <p>Valid values:
										<codeph>self</codeph> | <codeph><i>Account
									ID</i></codeph></p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>

						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-x, --executable-by <i>user_id</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Returns EMIs the specified user ID has launch permissions
								for</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>

					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Available Filters</title>
			<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
				only certain images. For example, you can use a filter to specify that you want to find images that use a specific kernel. Some tips for using filters with this
				command:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
					for an image only if it matches at least one of the filter values that you
					specified.</li>
				
				<li>You can use multiple filters. For example, you can specify images that use a specific kernel and use an EBS volume as the root device. Eucalyptus responds
					with the information for an image only if it matches all the filters that
					you specified. If there is no match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>
				
				<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
					more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
					escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
					example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
					*eucalyptus?\.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The following are the available filters for
				<apiname>euca-describe-images</apiname>:</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>

					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>architecture</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Image architecture. <p>Valid values: <codeph>i386</codeph> |
										<codeph>x86_64</codeph></p>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>block-device-mapping.delete-on-termination</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Whether the EBS volume is deleted on instance termination.
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>block-device-mapping.device-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Device name (for example, /dev/sdh) for an EBS volume mapped to
								the image.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>block-device-mapping.snapshot-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Snapshot ID for an EBS volume mapped to the image. </entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>block-device-mapping.volume-size</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Volume size for an EBS volume mapped to the image. </entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>block-device-mapping.volume-type</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Volume type for an EBS volume mapped to the image. <p>Valid
									values: <codeph>standard</codeph> |
								<codeph>io1</codeph></p></entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>description</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Description of the EMI</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>hypervisor</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Hypervisor type of the image. <p>Valid values:
										<codeph>ovm</codeph> | <codeph>xen</codeph></p>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>image-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the image</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>image-type</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Type of the image. <p>Valid values: <codeph>machine</codeph> |
										<codeph>kernel</codeph> | <codeph>ramdisk</codeph></p>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>is-public</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Whether the image is public <p>Valid values: <codeph>true</codeph> | <codeph>false</codeph></p></entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>kernel-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Kernel ID</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>manifest-location</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Path to the image manifest</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of the EMI</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>owner-alias</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Account alias (for example, eucalyptus or self) </entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>owner-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Eucalyptus account ID of the image owner</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>platform</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Enter <codeph>windows</codeph> if you have Windows-based EMIs.
								Otherwise leave blank. </entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>product-code</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Product code associated with the EMI</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>ramdisk-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the ramdisk</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>root-device-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Root device name of the EMI (for example,
									<codeph>/dev/sda1</codeph>) </entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>root-device-type</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Root device type the EMI uses. <p>Valid Values:
										<codeph>ebs</codeph> | <codeph>instance-store</codeph></p>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>state</codeph></entry>
							<entry>State of the image. <p>Valid values: <codeph>available</codeph> |
										<codeph>pending</codeph> | <codeph>failed</codeph></p>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<!--<row>
							<entry><codeph>state-reason-code</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Reason code for the state change</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>state-reason-message</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Message for the state change</entry>
						</row>-->
						<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag-key">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag-value">
							<entry/>
						</row>
							<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag:key">
								<entry/>
						</row>
						<!--<row>
							<entry><codeph>virtualization-type</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Virtualization type of the image. <p>Valid values:
										<codeph>paravirtual</codeph> | <codeph>hvm</codeph></p>
							</entry>
						</row>-->

					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("IMAGE")</li>
				<li>Image ID</li>
				<li>Manifest path</li>
				<li>Account ID that registered the image </li>
				<li>Image status (available, pending, failed)</li>
				<li>Image visibility (public or private)</li>
				<li>Product codes, if any, attached to the instance</li>
				<li>Image architecture (i386 or x86_64)</li>
				<li>Image type (machine, kernel, or ramdisk)</li>
				<li>Kernel ID of the kernel (machine images only)</li>
				<li>RAM ID associated with the image (machine images only)</li>
				<li>Root device type (ebs or instance-store)</li>
				<li>Virtualization type (paravirtual or hvm)</li>
				<li>Output type identifier ("BLOCKDEVICEMAPPING") for EMIs that use one or more EBS
					volumes</li>
				<li>Any tags assigned to the image</li>
				<li>Hypervisor type (xen or kvm)</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-images
IMAGE   eki-3E5B3B31
mah-bukkit/vmlinuz-2.6.28-11-generic.manifest.xml  000000000001
available   public      x86_64  kernel          instance-store
IMAGE   emi-815A395B    mah-bukkit/ubuntu.9-04.x86-64.img.manifest.xml
790547641019    available   public      x86_64  machine eki-3E5B3B31
 eri-32B338DC    instance-store
IMAGE   eri-32B338DC
mah-bukkit/initrd.img-2.6.28-11-generic.manifest.xml   000000000001
available   public      x86_64  ramdisk         instance-store</codeblock>
		</section>
	</refbody>

</reference>
