<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-group">
	<title>euca-describe-group</title>
	
	<shortdesc>Shows information about one or more security groups.</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-group [ group_name | group_ID ] [[--filter "name=value"] ...]</codeblock>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>group_name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name or ID of a security group, if you want information about one particular
								group</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Available Filters</title>
			<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
				only certain groups. For example, you can use a filter to return only 
				a group whose name contains a specific string. Some tips for using filters with this
				command:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
					for a group only if it matches at least one of the filter values that you
					specified.</li>
				
				<li>You can use multiple filters. For example, you can specify a group whose name matches a
					specific string, and also then give permission to another security group with a different string in its name that are
					stored in a specific bucket and are in the complete state. Eucalyptus responds
					with the information for a group only if it matches all the filters that
					you specified. If there is no match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>
				
				<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
					more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
					escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
					example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
					*eucalyptus?\.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The following are the available filters for
				<apiname>euca-describe-group</apiname>: </p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="75*"/>
					
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Filter</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
						
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>description</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Description of the group</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>group-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of the security group</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>ip-permission.cidr</codeph></entry>
							<entry>CIDR range that has been granted the permission</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>ip-permission.from-port</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Start of port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP
								type number. An ICMP type number of -1 indicates a wildcard (that is,
								any ICMP type number). </entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>ip-permission.group-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of security group that has been granted the
								permission</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>ip-permission.protocol</codeph></entry>
							<entry>IP protocol for the permission<p>Valid Values:
								<codeph>tcp</codeph> | <codeph>udp</codeph> |
								<codeph>icmp</codeph></p>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>ip-permission.to-port</codeph></entry>
							<entry>End of port range for the TCP and UDP protocols, or an ICMP code.
								An ICMP type number of <codeph>-1</codeph> indicates a wildcard
								(that is, any ICMP type number).</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>ip-permission.user-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of Eucalyptus account that has been granted the permission</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>owner-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Eucalyptus account ID of the owner of the security group </entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag-key">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag-value">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag:key">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>
		
		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("GROUP")</li>
				<li>Account ID of the security group owner</li>
				<li>Security group name</li>
				<li>Security group description</li>
				<li>Output type identifier ("PERMISSION")</li>
				<li>Account ID of the security group owner</li>
				<li>Group name that is granting permission</li>
				<li>Rule type (only ALLOWS is supported)</li>
				<li>Protocol</li>
				<li>Port range start</li>
				<li>Port range end</li>
				<li>Source</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-group
GROUP   790547641019    mygroup A new group
GROUP   790547641019    default default group
PERMISSION  790547641019    default ALLOWS  icmp    -1  -1  FROM
CIDR    0.0.0.0/0
PERMISSION  790547641019    default ALLOWS  tcp     22  22  FROM
CIDR    0.0.0.0/0</codeblock>
		</section>
		
	</refbody>
</reference>
