<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-volumes">
	<title>euca-describe-volumes</title>
	<shortdesc>Shows information about volumes.</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-volumes [ <b>volume_id</b> ] [-v] [[--filter "name=value"] ...]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>volume_id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Volume ID to describe</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		
  	<section>
  		<title>Available Filters</title>
  		<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
  			only certain volumes. For example, you can use a filter to specify that you want to find
  			volumes whose status is <codeph>available</codeph>. Some tips for using filters with this
  			command:</p>
  		<ul>
  			<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
  				for a volume only if it matches at least one of the filter values that you
  				specified.</li>
  			
  			<li>You can use multiple filters. For example, you can use a filter to specify that you want to find
  				volumes whose status is <codeph>available</codeph> and have a specific tag. Eucalyptus responds
  				with the information for a volume only if it matches all the filters that
  				you specified. If there is no match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>
  			
  			<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
  				more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
  				escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
  				example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
  				*eucalyptus?\.</li>
  		</ul>
  		<p>The following are the available filters for
  			<apiname>euca-describe-volumes</apiname>:</p>
  		<table>
  			<tgroup cols="2">
  				<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
  				<colspec colwidth="75*"/>

  				<thead>
  					<row>
  						<entry>Filter</entry>
  						<entry>Description</entry>
  					</row>
  					
  				</thead>
  				<tbody>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>attachment.attach-time</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Time stamp when the attachment initiated</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>attachment.delete-on-termination</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Whether the volume will be deleted on
  							instance termination.
  						</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>attachment.device</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>How the volume is exposed to the
  							instance (for example,  /dev/sda1)
  						</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>attachment.instance-id</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>ID of the instance the volume is attached to</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>attachment.status</codeph></entry>
  						<entry> Attachment state.
  							<p>Valid values: <codeph>attaching</codeph> | <codeph>attached</codeph> | <codeph>detaching</codeph> |<codeph>detached</codeph></p>
  						</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>availability-zone</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Availability Zone in which the volume was
  							created
  						</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>create-time</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Time stamp when the volume was created</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>size</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Size of the volume, in GB (for example, 20)</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>snapshot-id</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Snapshot from which the volume was created</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>status</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Status of the volume.
  							<p>Valid values: <codeph>pending</codeph> | <codeph>completed</codeph> | <codeph>error</codeph></p>
  						</entry>
  					</row>
  					
  					<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag-key">
  						<entry/>
  					</row>
  					<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag-value">
  						<entry/>
  					</row>
  					<row conref="../shared/shared_filters.dita#shared_filters/tag:key">
  						<entry/>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>volume-id</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>ID of the volume the snapshot is for</entry>
  					</row>
  					
  				</tbody>
  			</tgroup>
  		</table>

  	</section>
		<section
			conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("VOLUME")</li>
				<li>Volume ID</li>
				<li>Volume size, in GiBs</li>
				<li>Snapshot the volume was created from, if applicable</li>
				<li>Availability zone that the volume was launched in</li>
				<li>Volume state </li>
				<li>Time stamp when volume creation initiated</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-volumes 
VOLUME  vol-84B54112    5   zone00  available   2012-01-01T00:00:00.000Z</codeblock>
		</section>

	</refbody>
</reference>
