<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-bundle-tasks">
	<title>euca-describe-bundle-tasks</title>

	<shortdesc>Describes currently submitted bundle tasks and their states.</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-bundle-tasks [<b>bundle</b> ...] [[--filter "name=value"] ...]</codeblock>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>bundle</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Identifier of the bundle task to describe. If you do not specify
								a bundle task ID, all bundle tasks are returned.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>

					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Available Filters</title>
			<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
				only certain bundle tasks. For example, you can use a filter to return only the
				bundle tasks in the complete state. Some tips for using filters with this
				command:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
					for a bundle task only if it matches at least one of the filter values that you
					specified.</li>

				<li>You can use multiple filters. For example, you can specify bundles that are
					stored in a specific bucket and are in the complete state. Eucalyptus responds
					with the information for a bundle task only if it matches all the filters that
					you specified. If there is no match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>

				<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
					more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
					escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
					example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
					*eucalyptus?\.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The following are the available filters for
					<apiname>euca-describe-bundle-tasks</apiname>: </p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="75*"/>

					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry align="center">Filter</entry>
							<entry align="center">Description</entry>

						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>bundle-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the bundle task</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>error-code</codeph></entry>
							<entry>If the task failed, returns the error code</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>error-message</codeph></entry>
							<entry>If the task failed, returns the error message</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>instance-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Instance ID that was bundled</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>progress</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Level of task completion, in percent (for example, 20%)</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>s3-bucket</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Bucket where the EMI will be stored</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>s3-prefix</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Beginning of the AMI name</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>start-time</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Time the task started</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>state</codeph></entry>
							<entry>State of the task</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>update-time</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Time of the most recent update for the task</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("BUNDLE")</li>
				<li>Bundle ID</li>
				<li>Instance ID</li>
				<li>Bucket name</li>
				<li>Image prefix</li>
				<li>Start time</li>
				<li>Update time</li>
				<li>Bundle state (pending, waiting-for-shutdown, bundling, storing, cancelling,
					complete, failed)</li>
				<li>Percentage progress, if state is "bundling"</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-bundle-tasks
BUNDLE bun-CFF03DFA i-E7AC420A mah-bukkit winemi pending
2012-01-01T00:00:00.000Z 2012-01-01T00:00:00.000Z</codeblock>
		</section>
	</refbody>

</reference>
