<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="eucaproperties">
 <title>Modifiable Eucalyptus Properties</title>
	<shortdesc>Eucalyptus exposes a number of properties that can be configured using the<codeph>
		euca-modify-property</codeph> command. This topic lists the most common configurable
		properties.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p></p>
  <table>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colwidth="1*"/>
    <colspec colwidth="1.55*"/>

    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>Property</entry>
      <entry>Description</entry>
      <entry>Default</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry>authentication.ldap_integration_configuration</entry>
      <entry>LDAP integration configuration, in JSON</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>authentication.websession_life_in_minutes</entry>
      <entry>Web session lifetime in minutes</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.hosts.state_initialize_timeout</entry>
      <entry>Timeout for state initialization (in msec).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.hosts.state_transfer_timeout</entry>
      <entry>Timeout for state transfers (in msec).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.batch_delay_seconds</entry>
      <entry>Interval (in seconds) during which a notification will be delayed to allow for batching
       events for delivery.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.digest</entry>
      <entry>Send a system state digest periodically.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.digest_frequency_hours</entry>
      <entry>Period (in hours) with which a system state digest will be delivered.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.digest_only_on_errors</entry>
      <entry>If sending system state digests is set to true, then only send the digest when the
       system has failures to report.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_from</entry>
      <entry>From email address used for notification delivery.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_from_name</entry>
      <entry>From email name used for notification delivery.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_subject_prefix</entry>
      <entry>Email subject used for notification delivery.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_to</entry>

      <entry>Email address where notifications are to be delivered.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.include_fault_stack</entry>
      <entry>Period (in hours) with which a system state digest will be delivered.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email.email_smtp_host</entry>

      <entry>SMTP host to use when sending email. If unset, the following values are tried: 1) the
       value of the 'mail.smtp.host' system property, 2) localhost, 3) mailhost.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email.email_smtp_port</entry>
      <entry>SMTP port to use when sending email. Defaults to 25</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.hup</entry>
      <entry>Do a soft reset.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.max_outstanding_messages</entry>
      <entry>Max queue length allowed per service stage.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.workers_per_stage</entry>
      <entry>Max queue length allowed per service stage.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.timer.rate</entry>
      <entry>Amount of time (in milliseconds) before a previously running instance which is not
       reported will be marked as terminated.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.topology.coordinator_check_backoff_secs</entry>
      <entry>Backoff between service state checks (in seconds).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.topology.local_check_backoff_secs</entry>
      <entry>Backoff between service state checks (in seconds).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.tx.concurrent_update_retries</entry>
      <entry>Maximum number of times a transaction may be retried before giving up.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.async_internal_operations</entry>
      <entry>Execute internal service operations from a separate thread pool (with respect to
       I/O).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.async_operations</entry>
      <entry>Execute service operations from a separate thread pool (with respect to I/O).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.async_pipeline</entry>
      <entry>Execute service specific pipeline handlers from a separate thread pool (with respect to
       I/O).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.channel_connect_timeout</entry>
      <entry>Channel connect timeout (ms).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.channel_keep_alive</entry>
      <entry>Socket keep alive.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.channel_nodelay</entry>
      <entry>Server socket TCP_NODELAY.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.channel_reuse_address</entry>
      <entry>Socket reuse address.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_http_chunk_buffer_max</entry>
      <entry>Server http chunk max.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_idle_timeout_secs</entry>
      <entry>Client idle timeout (secs).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_internal_timeout_secs</entry>
      <entry>Client idle timeout (secs).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_pool_max_mem_per_conn</entry>
      <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_pool_max_threads</entry>
      <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_pool_timeout_millis</entry>
      <entry>Client socket select timeout (ms).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_pool_total_mem</entry>
      <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.clock_skew_sec</entry>
      <entry>A max clock skew value (in seconds) between client and server accepted when validating
       timestamps in Query/REST protocol.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.cluster_connect_timeout_millis</entry>
      <entry>Cluster connect timeout (ms).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_aws_sns_uri_scheme</entry>
      <entry>Default scheme for AWS_SNS_URL in eucarc.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_ec2_uri_scheme</entry>
      <entry>Default scheme for EC2_URL in eucarc.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_euare_uri_scheme</entry>
      <entry>Default scheme for EUARE_URL in eucarc.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_eustore_url</entry>
      <entry>Default EUSTORE_URL in eucarc.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_https_enabled</entry>
      <entry>Default scheme prefix in eucarc.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_s3_uri_scheme</entry>
      <entry>Default scheme for S3_URL in eucarc.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.http_max_chunk_bytes</entry>
      <entry>Maximum HTTP chunk size (bytes).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.http_max_header_bytes</entry>
      <entry>Maximum HTTP headers size (bytes).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.http_max_initial_line_bytes</entry>
      <entry>Maximum HTTP initial line size (bytes).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.oob_internal_operations</entry>
      <entry>Execute internal service operations out of band from the normal service bus.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.pipeline_read_timeout_seconds</entry>
      <entry>Server socket read time-out.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.pipeline_write_timeout_seconds</entry>
      <entry>Server socket write time-out.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.port</entry>
      <entry>Port to bind (note: port 8773 is always bound regardless).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.replay_skew_window_sec</entry>
      <entry>Time interval duration (in seconds) during which duplicate signatures will be accepted
       to accomodate collisions for legitimate requests inherent in Query/REST signing
       protocol.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_boss_pool_max_mem_per_conn</entry>
      <entry>Server max selector memory per connection.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_boss_pool_max_threads</entry>
      <entry>Server selector thread pool max.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_boss_pool_timeout_millis</entry>
      <entry>Service socket select timeout (ms).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_boss_pool_total_mem</entry>
      <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_channel_nodelay</entry>
      <entry>Server socket TCP_NODELAY.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_channel_reuse_address</entry>
      <entry>Server socket reuse address.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_pool_max_mem_per_conn</entry>
      <entry>Server max worker memory per connection.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_pool_max_threads</entry>
      <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_pool_timeout_millis</entry>
      <entry>Service socket select timeout (ms).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_pool_total_mem</entry>
      <entry>Server max worker memory total.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.statistics</entry>
      <entry>Record and report service times.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.use_dns_delegation</entry>
      <entry>Use DNS delegation for eucarc.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.use_instance_dns</entry>
      <entry>Use DNS names for instances.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_alias</entry>
      <entry>Alias of the certificate entry in euca.p12 to use for SSL for webservices.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_password</entry>
      <entry>Password of the private key corresponding to the specified certificate for SSL for
       webservices.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_ssl_ciphers</entry>
      <entry>SSL ciphers for webservices.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.addresses.dodynamicpublicaddresses</entry>
      <entry>Public addresses are assigned to instances by the system as available.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.addresses.maxkillorphans</entry>
      <entry>Number of times an orphaned address is reported by a cluster before it is reclaimed by
       the system.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.addresses.orphangrace</entry>
      <entry>Time after the last recorded state change where an orphaned address will not be
       modified by the system (minutes).</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.addresses.systemreservedpublicaddresses</entry>
      <entry>Public addresses are assigned to instances by the system only from a pool of reserved
       instances whose size is determined by this value.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.cluster.disabledinterval</entry>
      <entry>The time period between service state checks for a Cluster Controller which is
       DISABLED.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.cluster.enabledinterval</entry>
      <entry>The time period between service state checks for a Cluster Controller which is
       ENABLED.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.cluster.notreadyinterval</entry>
      <entry>The time period between service state checks for a Cluster Controller which is
       NOTREADY.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.cluster.pendinginterval</entry>
      <entry>The time period between service state checks for a Cluster Controller which is
       PENDING.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.cluster.requestworkers</entry>
      <entry>The number of concurrent requests which will be sent to a single Cluster
       Controller.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.cluster.startupsyncretries</entry>
      <entry>The number of times a request will be retried while bootstrapping a Cluster
       Controller.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.images.defaultkernelid</entry>

      <entry>The default used for running images which do not have a kernel specified in either the
       manifest, at register time, or at run-instances time.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.images.defaultramdiskid</entry>

      <entry>The default used for running images which do not have a ramdisk specified in either the
       manifest, at register time, or at run-instances time.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.images.defaultvisibility</entry>
      <entry>The default value used to determine whether or not images are marked 'public' when
       first registered.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.network.global_max_network_index</entry>
      <entry>Default max network index.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.network.global_max_network_tag</entry>
      <entry>Default max vlan tag.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.network.global_min_network_index</entry>
      <entry>Default min network index.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.network.global_min_network_tag</entry>
      <entry>Default min vlan tag.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.network.network_index_pending_timeout</entry>
      <entry>Minutes before a pending index allocation timesout and is released.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.ebs_volume_creation_timeout</entry>
      <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a EBS volume backing the instance is created</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.instance_subdomain</entry>
      <entry>Subdomain to use for instance DNS.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.instance_timeout</entry>
      <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a previously running instance which is not reported
       will be marked as terminated.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.mac_prefix</entry>
      <entry>Prefix to use for instance MAC addresses.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.max_state_threads</entry>
      <entry>Maximum number of threads the system will use to service blocking state
       changes.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.network_metadata_refresh_time</entry>
      <entry>Maximum amount of time (in seconds) that the network topology service takes to
       propagate state changes.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.shut_down_time</entry>
      <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a VM which is not reported by a cluster will be
       marked as terminated.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.stopping_time</entry>
      <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a stopping VM which is not reported by a cluster
       will be marked as terminated.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.terminated_time</entry>
      <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) that a terminated VM will continue to be reported.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.tx_retries</entry>
      <entry>Number of times to retry transactions in the face of potential concurrent update
       conflicts.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.volatile_state_interval_sec</entry>
      <entry>Period (in seconds) between state updates for actively changing state.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>cloud.vmstate.volatile_state_timeout_sec</entry>
      <entry>Timeout (in seconds) before a requested instance terminate will be repeated.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.addressespernetwork</entry>
      <entry>Number of total addresses per network (including unusable gateway addresses controlled
       by the system)</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.maxnetworkindex</entry>
      <entry>Maximum usable network index (0 &lt; x &lt; max_network_index)</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.maxnetworktag</entry>
      <entry>Maximum vlan tag to use (0 &lt; min_vlan &lt; x &lt; 4096)</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.minnetworkindex</entry>
      <entry>Maximum usable network index (0 &lt; min_network_index &lt; x)</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.minnetworktag</entry>
      <entry>Minimum vlan tag to use (0 &lt; x &lt; max_vlan &lt;= 4096)</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.networkmode</entry>
      <entry>Currently configured network mode</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.sourcehostname</entry>
      <entry>Alternative address which is the source address for requests made by the component to
       the cloud controller.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.usenetworktags</entry>
      <entry>Indicates whether vlans are in use or not.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.vnetnetmask</entry>
      <entry>Netmask used by the cluster's virtual private networking.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.vnetsubnet</entry>
      <entry>IP subnet used by the cluster's virtual private networking.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.cluster.vnettype</entry>
      <entry>IP version used by the cluster's virtual private networking.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.majornumber</entry>
      <entry>AOE Major Number</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.maxtotalvolumesizeingb</entry>
      <entry>Total disk space reserved for volumes</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.maxvolumesizeingb</entry>
      <entry>Max volume size</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.minornumber</entry>
      <entry>AOE Minor Number</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.shouldtransfersnapshots</entry>
      <entry>Should transfer snapshots</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.storageinterface</entry>
      <entry>Storage network interface.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.storeprefix</entry>
      <entry>Prefix for ISCSI device</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.tid</entry>
      <entry>Next Target ID for ISCSI device</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.volumesdir</entry>
      <entry>Storage volumes directory.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>&lt;partition&gt;.storage.zerofillvolumes</entry>
      <entry>Should volumes be zero filled.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>reporting.default_size_time_size_unit</entry>
      <entry>Default size-time size unit (GB-days, etc)</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>reporting.default_size_time_time_unit</entry>
      <entry>Default size-time time unit (GB-days, etc)</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>reporting.default_size_unit</entry>
      <entry>Default size unit</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>reporting.default_time_unit</entry>
      <entry>Default time unit</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>reporting.default_write_interval_secs</entry>
      <entry>How often the reporting system writes instance snapshots</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>system.dns.dnsdomain</entry>
      <entry>Domain name to use for DNS.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>system.dns.nameserver</entry>
      <entry>Nameserver address.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>system.dns.registrationid</entry>
      <entry>Unique ID of this cloud installation.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>walrus.blockdevice</entry>
      <entry>DRBD block device</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>walrus.resource</entry>
      <entry>DRBD resource name</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>walrus.storagedir</entry>
      <entry>Path to buckets storage</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>walrus.storagemaxbucketsizeinmb</entry>
      <entry>Maximum size per bucket</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>walrus.storagemaxbucketsperaccount</entry>
      <entry>Maximum number of buckets per account</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>walrus.storagemaxcachesizeinmb</entry>
      <entry>Image cache size</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>walrus.storagemaxtotalsnapshotsizeingb</entry>
      <entry>Disk space reserved for snapshots</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>www.http_port</entry>
      <entry>Listen to HTTP on this port.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>www.httpproxyhost</entry>

      <entry>Http Proxy Host</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>www.httpproxyport</entry>

      <entry>Http Proxy Port</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>www.https_ciphers</entry>
      <entry>SSL ciphers for HTTPS listener.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>www.https_port</entry>
      <entry>Listen to HTTPs on this port.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry/>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </conbody>
</concept>
