<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-addresses">
	<title>euca-describe-addresses</title>

	<shortdesc>Shows a list of public IP address that you have allocated. If you
		have assigned these to an instance, this list also includes the
		associated instance for each IP.</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-addresses [ <b>ip</b> ] [[--filter "name=value"] ...]
</codeblock>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>ip</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>One or more elastic IP addresses.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>
							
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Available Filters</title>
			
			<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
				only certain elastic IP addresses. For example, you can use a filter to return only the
				addresses that have a specific tag. Some tips for using filters with this
				command:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
					for an address only if it matches at least one of the filter values that you
					specified.</li>
				
				<li>You can use multiple filters. For example, you can specify addresses that have a specific
					tag. Eucalyptus responds
					with the information for an address only if it matches all the filters that
					you specified. If there is no match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>
				
				<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
					more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
					escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
					example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
					*eucalyptus?\.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The following are the available filters for
				<apiname>euca-describe-addressess</apiname>:</p>
				
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Filter</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
						
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>domain</codeph></entry>
							<entry>This filter is hardcoded to <codeph>standard</codeph>. There are no other valid
								values.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>instance-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the instance associated with the IP address</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>public-ip</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Elastic IP address</entry>
						</row>
						
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		
		<section
			conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("ADDRESS")</li>
				<li>Elastic IP address</li>
				<li>Instance ID that the IP address is assigned to</li>

				<li>IP address domain</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p>As a user:</p>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-addresses
ADDRESS 86.75.30.9  None    standard
ADDRESS 86.75.30.10 i-E7AC420A      standard</codeblock>
			<p>As a cloud administrator:</p>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-addresses
ADDRESS 86.75.30.9  available
(arn:aws:euare::790547641019:user/admin)  standard
ADDRESS 86.75.30.10 i-E7AC420A
(arn:aws:euare::790547641019:user/admin)  standard
ADDRESS 86.75.30.11 nobody  standard</codeblock>
		</section>
	</refbody>

</reference>
