<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-availability-zones">
	<title>euca-describe-availability-zones</title>
	<shortdesc>Shows information about availability zones.</shortdesc>

	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-availability-zones [ zone ] [[--filter "name=value"] ...]</codeblock>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>

					<tbody>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>zone</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>One or more availability zone names. Leave blank to return all availability zones.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Available Filters</title>
			<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
				only certain availability zones. For example, you can use a filter to return only
				the availability zones that have a specific name. Some tips for using filters with
				this command:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
					for an availability zones only if it matches at least one of the filter values
					that you specified.</li>

				<li>You can use multiple filters. For example, you can specify availability zones
					that have a specific tag. Eucalyptus responds with the information for an
					availability zone only if it matches all the filters that you specified. If there is no
					match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>

				<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
					more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
					escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
					example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
					*eucalyptus?\.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The following are the available filters for
					<apiname>euca-describe-availability-zones</apiname>:</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="75*"/>

					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Filter</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>

					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>zone-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of the zone</entry>
						</row>


					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("AVAILABILITYZONE")</li>
				<li>Availability zone name</li>
				<li>State of the availability zone</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<p>As a user:</p>
			<codeblock> euca-describe-availability-zones
AVAILABILITYZONE    zone00  192.168.37.5
arn:euca:eucalyptus:zone00:cluster:zone00-cc00/</codeblock>
		</section>
	</refbody>

</reference>
