<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euscale-terminate-instance-in-auto-scaling-group">
	<title>euscale-terminate-instance-in-auto-scaling-group</title>
	<shortdesc>Manually terminate an instance in an auto scaling group.</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euscale-set-desired-capacity
<b>InstanceID</b>
[--decrement-desired-capacity/no-decrement-desired-capacity]
[--show-long]
</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>

						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>InstanceID</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The identifier of the instance to terminate.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-d, --decrement-desired-capacity</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Reduce the desired capacity of the associated auto scaling group
								by one.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-D, --no-decrement-desired-capacity</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Do not reduce the desired capacity of the associated auto scaling
								group. Auto scaling can launch a new instance to replace the
								instance terminated with this command.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--show-long</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Show extra information about the instance being terminated.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section conref="../shared/euwatch-common.dita#euwatch-common/euwatch_common_options"/>
		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<p>This command returns a table that contains the following:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>Thing1: Definition.</li>
				<li>Thing2: Definition.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p>The follow example terminates an instance without decrementing the auto scaling group's
				capacity,  showing extra information about the terminated instance.</p>
			<codeblock>euscale-terminate-instance-in-auto-scaling-group i-ABC53ED7 -D --show-long</codeblock>
			<p>The following shows sample output for this command.</p>
			<codeblock>INSTANCE	194ea242-f7ea-4629-9f1e-a7ba46d435f3		InProgress	
At 2013-05-03T07:58:59Z instance was taken out of service in response to a user 
request..		50	Terminating EC2 instance: i-ABC53ED7	
2013-05-03T07:58:59.662Z</codeblock>
		</section>

	</refbody>
</reference>
