<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euscale-create-auto-scaling-group">
	<title>euscale-create-auto-scaling-group</title>
	<shortdesc>Creates a new auto scaling group with the specified parameters. </shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euscale-create-auto-scaling-group
<b>AutoScalingGroupName</b>
--launch-configuration <b>value</b>
--max-size <b>value</b>
--min-size <b>value</b>
[--availability-zones <b>value</b>[,value… ]]
[--default-cooldown <b>value</b> ]
[--desired-capacity <b>value</b> ]
[--grace-period <b>value</b> ]
[--health-check-type <b>value</b> ]
[--load-balancers <b>value</b>[,value...] ]
[--tags <b>value</b>[,value,...]]
[--termination-policies <b>value</b>[,value,... ]]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>

						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>AutoScalingGroupName</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The name of the auto scaling group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--launch-configuration <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>The name of the launch configuration to associate with this auto scaling
								group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><codeph>--max-size <i>value</i></codeph></codeph></entry>
							<entry>The maximum size of the auto scaling group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><codeph>--min-size <i>value</i></codeph></codeph></entry>
							<entry>The minimum size of the auto scaling group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><codeph>--availability-zones
											<codeph><i>value1</i>,<i>value2</i>,<i>value3</i>...</codeph></codeph></codeph></entry>
							<entry>A list of availability zones for the auto scaling group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--default-cooldown <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry> The amount of time, in seconds, after a scaling activity completes before any further
								trigger-related scaling activities can start. </entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--desired-capacity <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>The number of instances that should be running in the auto scaling group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--grace-period <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry> Length of time in seconds after a new Amazon EC2 instance comes into service that
								Auto Scaling starts checking its health. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--health-check-type <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry> The type of health check: instance or load balancer. <draft-comment>TODO: clarify
									euca valid values.</draft-comment></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--load-balancers --value <i>value1</i>,<i>value2</i>,<i>value3</i>...</codeph></entry>
							<entry>A comma-delimited list of load balancers used by this auto scaling group. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--tags --value "<i>key1=value1</i>,<i>key2=value2</i>..."</codeph></entry>
							<entry>A comma-delimited list of tags for this auto scaling group. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--termination-policies --value <i>value1</i>,<i>value2</i>,<i>value3</i>...</codeph></entry>
							<entry>A delimited list of termination policies for this auto scaling group. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>

					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section conref="../shared/euwatch-common.dita#euwatch-common/euwatch_common_options"/>
		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<p>There is no output from this command if it is successful.</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p/>
			<codeblock>euscale-create-auto-scaling-group MyScalingGroup --launch-configuration MyLaunchConfig --availability-zones PARTI00 --min-size 2 --max-size 5</codeblock>
		</section>

	</refbody>
</reference>
