<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euscale-create-launch-configuration">
	<title>euscale-create-launch-configuration</title>
	<shortdesc>Creates a new auto launch configuration with the specified parameters. UNFINISHED
		DRAFT.</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euscale-create-launch-configuration
<b>LaunchConfigurationName</b>
--image-id value --instance-type value
[--block-device-mapping "key1=value1,
key2=value2..." ] [--monitoring-enabled/monitoring-disabled ]
[--kernel value ] [--key value ]
[--ramdisk value ][--group value[,value...] ]
[--user-data value ][--user-data-file value ]
			</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>

						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>LaunchConfigurationName</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The name of the launch configuration.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--image-id <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Unique ID of the Eucalyptus Machine Image (EMI) to use when
								launching new instances in the auto scaling group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><codeph>--instance-type
								<i>value</i></codeph></codeph></entry>
							<entry>The type of instance to launch. </entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><codeph>--block-device-mappings
												<codeph><i>value1</i>,<i>value2</i>,<i>value3</i>...</codeph></codeph></codeph></entry>
							<entry>A list of mappings that specify how block devices are mapped to
								instances launched in the auto scaling group. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--monitoring-enabled / --monitoring-disabled</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Enables or disables euwatch metrics for instances launched in the auto scaling group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--kernel <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry> The ID of the kernel associated with the EMI. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--key <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>The name of a keypair that new instances in the scaling group should use.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--ramdisk <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry> The identifier of the ram disk associated with the EMI.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--group <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry> The name of the security group.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--user-data <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>User data to be passed to launched instances. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--user-data-file <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of local file containing user data to be passed to launched instances. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section conref="../shared/euwatch-common.dita#euwatch-common/euwatch_common_options"/>
		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<p>This command returns a table that contains the following:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>Thing1: Definition.</li>
				<li>Thing2: Definition.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p>The follow example will do something interesting.</p>
			<codeblock>euscale-create-launch-configuration mynewlaunchconfig ...</codeblock>
			<p>The following shows sample output for this command.</p>
			<codeblock>TBD</codeblock>
		</section>

	</refbody>
</reference>
