<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euwatch-describe-alarms-for-metric">
	<title>euwatch-describe-alarms-for-metric</title>
	<shortdesc>Provides information about alarms associated with a specified metric.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
  	<section>
  		<title>Syntax</title>
  		<codeblock>euwatch-describe-alarms-for-metric --metric-name  <b>value</b>  --namespace  <b>value</b> 
 [--dimensions  "<b>key1=value1</b>,<b>key2=value2</b>..." ] 
 [--period  <b>value</b> ] [--statistic  <b>value</b> ] [--unit  <b>value</b> ]</codeblock>
  	</section>
  	<section>
  		<title>Options</title>
  		<table>
  			<tgroup cols="3">
  				<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
  				<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
  				<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
  				<thead>
  					<row>
  						<entry>Option</entry>
  						<entry>Description</entry>
  						<entry>Required</entry>
  						
  					</row>
  				</thead>
  				<tbody>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--dimensions "<i>key1=value1</i>,<i>key2=value2</i>..." </codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Dimensions of the metric on which to alarm.</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--metric-name <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>The name of the metric on which to alarm.</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--namespace <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Namespace of the metric on which to alarm.</entry>
  						<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--period <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Period of metric on which to alarm.</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--statistic <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>The statistic of the metric on which to alarm. 
  							<p>Valid values: <codeph>SampleCount</codeph> | <codeph>Average</codeph> | 
  								<codeph>Sum</codeph> | <codeph>Minimum</codeph> | <codeph>Maximum</codeph></p></entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>--unit <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
  						<entry>The unit of the metric on which to alarm.</entry>
  						<entry align="center">No</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph></codeph></entry>
  						<entry></entry>
  						<entry align="center"></entry>
  					</row>
  				</tbody>
  			</tgroup>
  		</table>
  	</section>
  	
  	<section conref="../shared/euwatch-common.dita#euwatch-common/euwatch_common_options"/>
  	<section>
  		<title>Output</title>
  		<p>This command returns a table that contains the following information:</p>
  		<ul>
  			<li>ALARM: Alarm name.</li>
  			<li>DESCRIPTION: Alarm description. This column appears only in the
  			<codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
  			<li>STATE: Alarm state.</li>
  			<li>STATE_REASON: Human readable reason for state. This column appears only
  			in the <codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
  			<li>STATE_REASON_DATA: Machine readable reason for state (JSON format). This
  			column appears only in the <codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
  			<li>ENABLED: Actions enabled or not. This column appears only in the
  			<codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
  			<li>OK_ACTIONS: Action to execute on OK status. This column appears only in
  			the <codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
  			<li>ALARM_ACTIONS: Action to execute on ALARM status.</li>
  			<li>INSUFFICIENT_DATA_ACTIONS: Action to execute on INSUFFICIENT_DATA status. This column appears
  			only in the <codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
  			<li>NAMESPACE: Namespace for metric.</li>
  			<li>METRIC_NAME: Metric name.</li>
  			<li>DIMENSIONS: Dimensions. This column appears only in the <codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
  			<li>PERIOD: Period.</li>
  			<li>STATISTIC: Statistic.</li>
  			<li>UNIT: Unit. This column appears only in the <codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
  			<li>EVAL_PERIODS: Number of periods for which metric will be evaluated.</li>
  			<li>COMPARISON: Comparison operator.</li>
  			<li>THRESHOLD: Threshold.</li>
  		</ul>
  	</section>
  	
  	<section>
  		<title>Example</title>
  		<p>The following example describes an alarm for the metric, CPUUtilization, for</p>
  		<codeblock>euwatch-describe-alarms-for-metric --metric-name CPUUtilization --namespace AWS/EC2  --dimensions InstanceId=i-abcdef </codeblock>
  		<p>The following is example output for the command.</p>
  		<codeblock>ALARM  STATE ALARM_ACTIONS     NAMESPACE  METRIC_NAME    PERIOD  STATISTIC  EVAL_PERIODS  COMPARISON   THRESHOLD
my-alm1  OK  arn:aws:autoscaling:.. AWS/EC2  CPUUtilization 60    Average    3    GreaterThanThreshold  100.0
my-alm2  OK  arn:aws:autoscaling:.. AWS/EC2  CPUUtilization 60    Average    5    GreaterThanThreshold  80.0</codeblock>
  	</section>
  	
  </refbody>
</reference>
