<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="configuring_loop_devices">
 <title>Configuring Loop Devices</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>To ensure that Eucalyptus starts new instances, you must configure the number of loop devices you expect to use for SC and NC components. An SC with insufficient loop devices fails to create new EBS volumes. A NC with insufficient loop devices fails to start new instances.</p>
 	<p>We recommend that you err on the side of configuring too many loop devices. The downside to having too many loop devices is tying up a miniscule amount of extra memory and adding a lot of clutter to the system's /dev directory. The cost of having too many and then not using them is smaller than the cost of Eucalyptus being unable to make use of all of a system's resources.</p>
 	<note type="tip">We recommend a minimum of 50 loop devices. The maximum number of devices is 256, and this is also a safe value.</note>
 	<p>Eucalyptus installs with a default loop device amount of 256. This configuration is stored in the in the /etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf file. If you are running RHEL 6 or Ubuntu, you can accept the default number, or change to another number by editing the configuration file. Steps for this task are listed in the following sections.</p>
 	<p>If you’re running CentOS 5 and RHEL 5, you must create a file to configure loop devices. Steps for this task are listed in the following sections.</p>
 	<p>Note that any configuration changes must be done on each SC and NC in your system.</p>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
