<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_drbd">
    <title>Configure DRBD</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<note type="tip">If you are not installing Eucalyptus HA, skip this section.</note>
        	
        	<p>Walrus uses DRBD for disk replication. In Eucalyptus HA, Eucalyptus replicates storage
        		from the primary Walrus server to the secondary Walrus server. For more
        		information about DRBD, go to <xref href="http://www.drbd.org/" format="html"
        			type="external">What is DRBD</xref>.</p>
        		
        		<p>We recommend that you choose a disk for each Walrus that is large enough to hold all objects and buckets you
        			ever expect to have, including all images that will ever be registered to your system,
        			plus any Amazon S3 application data. For consistent performance, we recommend that you use
        			identical disks for the primary and secondary Walrus.</p>
        	
        	<note type="tip">We recommend that you use LVM (Logical Volume Manager). Should you run out
        		of disk space, LVM allows you to add disks and migrate the data.</note>
        	
        	<p>Before you begin, ensure that you have the following information:</p>
        	<ul>
        		<li>The IP address and hostname of each Walrus</li>
        		<li>The DRBD block device name of each Walrus. In the following examples, we assume that
        			DRBD block device name is <filepath>/dev/drbd1</filepath>.</li>
        		<li>The DRBD backing disk partition names on each Walrus. A partition (either on a new disk or an existing disk) should be dedicated to Walrus. The partition sizes should be identical.</li>
        	</ul>
        	<p>Configuring DRBD requires that you complete edit the Eucalyptus DRBD file
        		to include your Walrus information, and edit the master DRBD file to tell it to look
        		for the Eucalyptus DRBD file. </p>
    	
        	<p>To configure DRBD:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
          <step>
          	<cmd>Log in to the primary Walrus.</cmd>
          </step>  
        	<step>
            	<cmd>Load the DRBD module</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>modprobe drbd</codeblock>
            	</info>
        		<stepresult>There is no output from this command.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Copy the example Eucalyptus DRBD file
        			(<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf.template</filepath>) to
        			<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf</filepath>.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf</filepath> file and make the following edits:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<ul>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;walrus-host-1></codeph> to the hostname of the primary Walrus.</li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;drbd-block-dev, e.g., /dev/drbd1></codeph> to
        					<codeph>/dev/drbd1</codeph></li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;drbd-backing-disk-dev, e.g. /dev/sdb1></codeph> to
        					<codeph>/dev/sdb1</codeph></li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;walrus-host-1-ip></codeph> to the IP address of the primary Walrus.</li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;walrus-host-2></codeph> to the hostname of the
        					secondary Walrus.</li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;drbd-block-dev, e.g., /dev/drbd1></codeph> to
        					<codeph>/dev/drbd1</codeph></li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;drbd-backing-disk-dev, e.g. /dev/sdb1></codeph> to
        					<codeph>/dev/sdb1</codeph></li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;walrus-host-2-ip></codeph> to the IP address of the
        					secondary Walrus.</li>
        			</ul>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>
        			<p>The file should look similar to the following example:</p>
        			<codeblock>common {
  protocol C;
}

resource r0 {
  
  on walrus00.eucalyptus.com {
    device    /dev/drbd1;
    disk      /dev/sdb1;
    address   192.168.58.1:7789;
    meta-disk internal;
  }

  on walrus01.eucalyptus.com {
    device    /dev/drbd1;
    disk      /dev/sdb1;
    address   192.168.58.2:7789;
    meta-disk internal;
  }

  syncer {
    rate 40M;
  }

  net {
    after-sb-0pri discard-zero-changes;
    after-sb-1pri discard-secondary;
  }
}</codeblock>
        		</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save and close the file.</cmd>
        	</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Open the master DRBD file (<filepath>/etc/drbd.conf</filepath>) and append the following line:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>include "/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf";</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>
						<p>The file should like this example:</p>
						<codeblock>include "drbd.d/global_common.conf";
include "drbd.d/*.res";
include "/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf";</codeblock>
					</stepresult>
				</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save and close the file.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Copy both the <filepath>/etc/drbd.conf</filepath> and the
        			<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf</filepath> files to the secondary Walrus server.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the primary Walrus, associate the DRBD block device (<filepath>/dev/drbd1</filepath>) with the disk
        			partition allocated for Walrus (<filepath>/dev/sdb1</filepath>).</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>drbdmeta --force /dev/drbd1 v08 /dev/sdb1 internal create-md
drbdadm attach r0
drbdadm connect r0</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>Repeat on the secondary Walrus.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Set up the DRBD block device on the primary Walrus:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>drbdsetup /dev/drbd1 syncer -r 110M
drbdadm -- --overwrite-data-of-peer primary r0</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the primary Walrus only, run the following command to indicate whether the data on
        			the DRBD primary and secondary is consistent:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>Run: drbdadm dstate r0</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>Wait for the output to display <codeph>UpToDate/UpToDate</codeph>, then
        			continue to the next step.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the primary Walrus, create a filesystem on <filepath>/dev/drbd1</filepath>.
        			Eucalyptus supports ext3 or ext4. For example: </cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>mkfs.ext3 /dev/drbd1</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the primary CLC, tell Eucalyptus to use DRBD parameters configured in the DRBD
        			config file so Walrus can write to the correct device:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p walrus.blockdevice=/dev/drbd1
euca-modify-property -p walrus.resource=r0</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
			
		</taskbody>

</task>
