<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="prerequisites_ha">
	<title>HA Prerequisities</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>

		<p>HA Eucalyptus requires the same requirements as non-HA Eucalyptus. However, the
			infrastructure HA Eucalyptus will be deployed on must meet some additional requirements,
			listed in the following sections.</p>
		<section>
			<title>Redundant Physical Servers for Eucalyptus Components</title>
			<p>Each front-end and middle-tier component in an HA deployment has a redundant hot backup.
				These redundant Eucalyptus components occur in pairs, and each member of a pair must be
				mapped to a separated physical server to ensure high availability. </p>
			<p>If the HA deployment is to be able to tolerate the failure of networking hardware,
				additional network interfaces are required for the physical servers that host Eucalyptus
				components. The physical servers hosting a CLC, Walrus, or CC and/or VMware Broker must each
				have three network interface cards (NICs). Each remaining physical server (except the NC
				components) requires two NICs.</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>UDP Network Multicast</title>
			<p>The network interconnecting physical servers hosting any front-end or middle-tier
				components must support UDP multicast for IP address 228.7.7.3. Note that UDP multicast is
				not used over the networks within each cluster (i.e., the network that interconnects the
				middle-end components to the NCs).</p></section>
		<section>
			<title>DNS Round-Robin Support</title>
			<p>The DNS entries for the externally visible IP addresses of the physical servers hosting CLC
				or Walrus components must be configured to change round-robin style in an HA deployment.</p>
		</section>

		<section><title>Storage Mirroring</title>
			<p>HA Eucalyptus uses a kernel-level storage technology called DRBD for storage integrity.
				DRBD must be configured to mirror data operations between physical servers that host Walrus
				components.</p></section>
		<section><title>Email Notification</title>
			<p>HA Eucalyptus notifies the system administrator of failure events via email. The Linux MTA
				(Mail Transfer Agent) must be configured to deliver these notifications on any machine
				hosting a CLC component in an HA Eucalyptus deployment.</p></section>

	</conbody>
</concept>
