<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euare-rolegetattributes">
	<title>euare-rolegetattributes</title>

	<shortdesc>Returns Amazon resource name (ARN) and user ID for a
		role.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>IAM compatible commands</keyword>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus role get attributes</keyword>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euare-rolegetattributes -r <b>rolename</b> [--as-account <b>account</b>]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-r, --role-name
									<i>user_name</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of the user whose attributes you want to
								get. If you don't specify this parameter, it
								defaults to the user making the request.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>

						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--show-extra</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Display additional user information.
							</entry>
							
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
							
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>--as-account <i>account</i></entry>
							<entry>[Eucalyptus cloud administrator only] Run this command as the administrator of another account.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section
			conref="../shared/euare-common.dita#euare-common/euare_common_options_with_as-account"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<p>When you use the <codeph>-u</codeph> option to specify a user,
				Eucalyptus returns the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) and user ID
				for that user. When you don't specify a user, Eucalyptus returns
				the ARN and the AWS account ID of the user making the
				request.</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p>The following example returns attributes for the user making the
				request.</p>
			<codeblock>euare-rolegetattributes
arn:aws:iam::myacct:user/admin
AJIEQXKKG5M7VKOU7LNLQ</codeblock>
			<p>The following example returns attribtes for the user, myuser.</p>
			<codeblock>euare-rolegetattributes -u myuser
arn:aws:iam::myacct:user/myuser
QLNL7UOKV7M5GKKXQEIJA</codeblock>
		</section>

	</refbody>
</reference>
