<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euare-useraddkey">
	<title>euare-useraddkey</title>

	<shortdesc>Adds a new access key to the user sending the request, unless
		otherwise specified. Eucalyptus prints the secret access key to the
		console. We recommend that you write this to a file. </shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>IAM compatible commands</keyword>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus user add key</keyword>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euare-useraddkey [-u <b>user_name</b>]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>USER</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of the user to add the key to.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						
						
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-w, --write-config</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Output access keys and region information in the form
								of a euca2ools.ini configuration file instead of by
								themselves (implies -k)</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-d, --domain</codeph> <i>DOMAIN</i></entry>
							<entry>DNS domain to use for region information in
								configuration file output (default: based on IAM URL)</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-l, --set-default-user</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Set this user as the default user for the region in
								the euca2ools.ini configuration file output. This
								option is only useful when used with the <codeph>-w</codeph> parameter.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--as-account</codeph> <codeph><i>ACCOUNT</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>[Eucalyptus cloud admin only] Run this command as the
								administrator of another account</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section
			conref="../shared/euare-common.dita#euare-common/euare_common_options_with_as-account"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Access key ID</li>
				<li>Secret access key</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<p>The following example generates new keys for the user who owns
				the requesting credentials.</p>
			<codeblock>euare-useraddkey
UDHYLIGYKLURDIBAIUEMJ
0VhKjLs4QVA8F3o9Xl2bFhheQJL0K5I30kByFGdm</codeblock>
			<p>The following example generates new keys for myuser.</p>
			<codeblock>euare-useraddkey -u myuser
JMEUIABIDRULKYGILYHDU
mdGFyBk03I5K0LJQehhFb2lX9o3F8AVQ4sLjKhV0</codeblock>
		</section>

	</refbody>
</reference>
