<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euare-assumerole">
	<title>euare-assumerole</title>

	<shortdesc>Assume a role by using the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to get temporary security credentials for that role. 
		Then configure those credentials so subsequent actions work using the role's permissions. The ARN always prepends 
	to the left of the command to complete the string.
	</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>IAM compatible commands</keyword>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus role assume</keyword>
				<keyword>arn</keyword>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>eval `euare-assumerole <b>arn</b> [--as-account <b>account</b>] [-d <b>duration</b>]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>

					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>arn:aws:iam::<i>ARN</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>ARN is the role you want to assume. If the complete ARN is not supplied, the command prepends this option.
								For example, when given <codeph>123456789012:role/S3Access</codeph>, it prepends the <codeph>arn:aws:iam::</codeph> 
								to the entry.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-d</codeph>
								<i>duration</i></entry>
							<entry>The number of seconds for which the credentials it retrieves remain valid. 
								Defaults to 900 or can be specified up to 3600.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--session-name</codeph>
								<i>session</i></entry>
							<entry>Identifies the session and used to display your role's credentials. 
								Can be randomly generated if not provided.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-c</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Generates C shell-compatible output. Default when the SHELL environment 
								looks like C shell.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-s</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Generates Bourne shell-compatible output. Defaults to this option if the SHELL environment 
								does not look like C shell.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--policy-content</codeph>
								<i>policy</i></entry>
							<entry>Use this option along with pasting the contents of the IAM policy to 
								further limit what the assumed role can do.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--policy-document</codeph>
								<i>file</i></entry>
							<entry>Use this option along with an actual IAM policy file to further limit 
								what the assumed role can do as an alternative means to pasting the contents 
								as exemplified by the above option. </entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--external-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>A unique identifier that third parties can give to their customers 
								to assume roles in their customers' accounts. For more information about
								external IDs, go to <xref
									href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-user_externalid.html"
									scope="external" format="html">AWS External ID use case scenaior.</xref>.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--mfa-serial</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The identification number of the Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) device 
								associated with the user who is assuming a role. If used, must be used in 
								conjunction with <codeph>--mfa-code</codeph>.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--mfa-code</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The code provided by the MFA device that allows access to the role that a user is assuming. 
								If used, must be used in conjunction with <codeph>--mfa-serial</codeph>.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<!-- Not sure if we need this here.
		<section
			conref="../shared/euare-common.dita#euare-common/euare_common_options_with_as-account"/>
 -->
		<section>
		
			<title>Output</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus returns the policy.</p>
		</section>

		
	</refbody>

</reference>
