<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-instance-status">
	<title>euca-describe-instance-status</title>
	<shortdesc>Show information about instance status and scheduled events.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>EC2 compatible commands</keyword>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus describe instance status</keyword>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-instance-status [--hide-healthy]
	[--include-all-instances]
	[--show-empty-fields] [-U URL]
	[--region USER@REGION] [-I KEY_ID]
	[-S KEY] [--security-token TOKEN]
	[--filter <i>name=value</i>] [--debug]
	[--debugger] [--version] [-h]
	[<i>instance_id</i> [<i>instance_id</i> ...]]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>instance_id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Limit results to the specified instance(s).</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--hide-healthy</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Hide instances where all status checks pass</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--include-all-instances</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Show all instances, not just those that are running.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--filter <i>name=value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Restrict results to those that meet the specified filter criteria
								(see below).</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>


		<section>
			<title>Available Filters</title>
			<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
				only certain instances. For example, you can use a filter to specify that you want
				to find instances launched with a specific status. Some tips for using filters with
				this command:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
					for an instance only if it matches at least one of the filter values that you
					specified.</li>

				<li>You can use multiple filters. Eucalyptus responds with the information for an
					instance only if it matches all the filters that you specified. If there is no
					match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>

				<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
					more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
					escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
					example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
					*eucalyptus?\.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The following are the available filters for
					<apiname>euca-describe-instance-status</apiname>:</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="75*"/>

					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Filter</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>

					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>availability-zone</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Availability zone of the instance
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>event.code</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Code identifying the type of event</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>event.description</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Description of the event.</entry>
						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>event.not-after</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Event's latest possible end time</entry>
						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>event.not-before</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Event's earliest possible start time</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>instance-state-code</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Numeric code identifying instance state</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>instance-state-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Instance state
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>instance-status.status</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Instance's status</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>instance-status.reachability</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Instance's reachability status
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>system-status.status</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Instance's system status</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>system-status.reachability</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Public DNS name of the instance.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>group-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Instance's system reachability status</entry>
						</row>
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		

		<section>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p>The following example shows the request and output for a simple command.</p>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-instance-status
INSTANCE	i-65c77b9e	one	running	16	ok	ok	active
SYSTEMSTATUS	reachability	passed
INSTANCESTATUS	reachability	passed</codeblock>
		</section>

	</refbody>
</reference>
