<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-keypairs">
	<title>euca-describe-keypairs</title>

	<shortdesc>Shows information about key pairs.</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-keypairs [ <b>keypair_name</b> ] [[--filter "name=value"] ...]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>keypair_name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Key pair name to describe</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>


		<section>
  		<title>Available Filters</title>
			<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
				only certain keypairs. For example, you can use a filter to specify that you want to find
				keypairs that include the string <codeph>lamp</codeph>in their name. Some tips for using filters with this
				command:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
					for a keypair only if it matches at least one of the filter values that you
					specified.</li>
				
				<li>You can use multiple filters. For example, you can specify keypairs that include the string
					<codeph>lamp</codeph>in their name and that have a specific value in their fingerprint. Eucalyptus responds
					with the information for a keypair only if it matches all the filters that
					you specified. If there is no match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>
				
				<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
					more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
					escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
					example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
					*eucalyptus?\.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The following are the available filters for
				<apiname>euca-describe-keypairs</apiname>:</p>
  		<table>
  			<tgroup cols="2">
  				<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
  				<colspec colwidth="75*"/>

  				<thead>
  					<row>
  						<entry>Filter</entry>
  						<entry>Description</entry>
  					</row>
  					
  				</thead>
  				<tbody>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>fingerprint</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Fingerprint of the key pair</entry>
  					</row>
  					<row>
  						<entry><codeph>key-name</codeph></entry>
  						<entry>Name of the keypair</entry>
  					</row>
  					
  				</tbody>
  			</tgroup>
  		</table>

  	</section>
		<section
			conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("KEYPAIR")</li>
				<li>Key pair name</li>
				<li>Private key fingerprint</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-keypairs
KEYPAIR mykey   52:5f:e7:03:67:ad:b5:f3:65:4b:94:77:90:61:5f:1e:44:96:74:62
</codeblock>
		</section>

	</refbody>
</reference>
