<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-describe-network-interfaces">
	<title>euca-describe-network-interfaces</title>
	<shortdesc>Show information about VPC network interfaces.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>vpc compatible commands</keyword>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-network-interfaces [--show-empty-fields] [-U URL]
	[--region USER@REGION] [-I KEY_ID]
	[-S KEY] [--security-token TOKEN]
	[--filter NAME=VALUE] [--debug]
	[--debugger] [--version] [-h]
	<i>[interface_ID [interface_ID ...]]</i></codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>

						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>[interface_ID [interface_ID ...]]</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Limit results to the specified network interfaces.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/filter">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Available Filters</title>
			
			<p>You can add filters to your request so that the response includes information for
				only certain DHCP option sets. For example, you can use a filter to return only the
				network interface that has a specific ID. Some tips for using filters with this
				command:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>You can use multiple values for a filter. Eucalyptus responds with information
					for a network interface only if it matches at least one of the filter values that you
					specified.</li>
				
				<li>You can use multiple filters. For example, you can specify network interfaces that have a specific
					tag. Eucalyptus responds
					with the information for a network interface only if it matches all the filters that
					you specified. If there is no match, Eucalyptus returns an empty response.</li>
				
				<li>You can use wildcards in a filter value. Use an asterisk (*) to match zero or
					more characters. Use a question mark (?) to match exactly one character. To
					escape special characters, use a backslash (\) before the character. For
					example, a value of \*eucalyptus\?\\ searches for the literal string
					*eucalyptus?\.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The following are the available filters for <apiname>euca-describe-network-interface</apiname>:</p>
			
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="75*"/>
					
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Filter</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
						
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>addresses.private-ip-addresses</codeph></entry>
							<entry>the interface's private IP addresses</entry>
						</row>
						
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>addresses.primary</codeph></entry>
							<entry>whether the private IP address is the network
								interface's primary IP address</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>addresses.association.public-ip</codeph></entry>
							<entry>association ID for the network interface's
								elastic IP address</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>addresses.association.owner-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>owner ID of the addresses associated with the
								network interface</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>association.association-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>association ID of the network interface's IP
								address</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>association.allocation-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>allocation ID of the network interface's
								elastic IP address</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>association.ip-owner-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>owner ID of the network interface's elastic IP
								address</entry>
						</row>
						
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>association.ip-owner-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>owner ID of the network interface's elastic IP
								address</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>association.public-ip</codeph></entry>
							<entry>network interface's elastic IP address</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>association.public-dns-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>network interface's public DNS name</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>attachment.attachment-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the network interface's attachment</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>attachment.instance-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the instance the network interface is
								attached to</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>attachment.instance-owner-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>owner ID of the instance the network interface
								is attached to</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>attachment.device-index</codeph></entry>
							<entry>device index to which the network interface is
								attached</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>attachment.status</codeph></entry>
							<entry>attachment status (attaching, attached,
								detaching, detached)</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>attachment.attach.time</codeph></entry>
							<entry>time the network interface was attached</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>availability-zone</codeph></entry>
							<entry>availability zone in which the network
								interface resides</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>description</codeph></entry>
							<entry>network interface's description</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>group-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of a security group associated with the
								network interface</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>group-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>name of a security group associated with the
								network interface</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>mac-address</codeph></entry>
							<entry>MAC (hardware) address</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>network-interface-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the network interface</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>owner-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>account ID of the network interface's owner</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>private-ip-address</codeph></entry>
							<entry>the network interface's private address(es)</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>private-dns-name</codeph></entry>
							<entry>the network interface's private DNS name</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>requester-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the entity that created the network
								interface</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>requester-managed</codeph></entry>
							<entry>whether the network interface is being managed
								by one of the cloud's services</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>source-dest-check</codeph></entry>
							<entry>whether the network interface's traffic is
								subject to source/destination address checking</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>status</codeph></entry>
							<entry>the interface's status (available, in-use)</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>subnet-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the subnet in which the network
								interface resides</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>vpc-id</codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the VPC in which the network interface
								resides</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>tag-value</codeph></entry>
							<entry>value of a tag assigned to the DHCP option set</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>tag:KEY</codeph></entry>
							<entry>specific tag key/value combination</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>type</codeph></entry>
							<entry>type of the DHCP option set</entry>
						</row>
						
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

		<section conref="../shared/euwatch-common.dita#euwatch-common/euwatch_common_options"/>
		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<p>The following example describes all network interfaces for an account.</p>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-network-interfaces</codeblock>
			<p>This command will return output similar to the following:</p>
			<codeblock>NETWORKINTERFACE	eni-79a17793	subnet-b1ad288b	vpc-72ad7f86	085276049315	in-use	10.0.0.176		true
ATTACHMENT		0	attached	2014-12-11T08:40:05.899Z	true
PRIVATEIPADDRESS	10.0.0.176		primary</codeblock>
		</section>



	</refbody>
</reference>
