<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-run-instances">
	<title>euca-run-instances</title>

	<shortdesc>Runs instances of the specified machine image.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>EC2 compatible commands</keyword>
				<keyword>Eucalyptusrun instances</keyword>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-run-instances <b>image_id</b> [-n <b>count</b> ][-g <b>group_name</b> ]
				[-k <b>keypair</b> ][-d <b>user_data</b> ] [-f <b>user_data_file</b>]
				[-t <b>instance_type</b> ][--kernel <b>kernel</b> ][--ramdisk <b>ramdisk</b> ]
				[-b <b>block_device_mapping</b>][--monitor] [-z <b>zone</b> ]  
				[--disable-api-termination] 
				[--instance-initiated-shutdown-behavior <b>value</b>] 
				[--placement-group <b>group_name</b>]
				[--tenancy <b>value</b>] [--client-token <b>token_value</b>] [-s <b>subnet_value</b>]
				[--associate-public-ip-address  <b>value</b>]
				[--private-ip-address <b>address</b>] [--secondary-private-ip-address <b>address</b>]
				[--secondary-private-ip-address-count <b>count</b>] [-a <b>interface</b>]
				[-p <b>IAM_profile</b>] [--ebs-optimized]
				</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="4.01*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="6.87*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="1*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>

					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>image_id</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>ID of the image to run.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-n,--instance-count <i>min[-max]</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Number of instances to run. If this is specified as a range
								(min-max), Eucalyptus will try to run the maximum number, but no
								fewer than the minimum number.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-g,--group <i>group</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Security group to run the instance in.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-k,--key <i>keypair</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of a key pair. Not necessary to launch an instance as <i>cloud-init</i> is always
								executed if it exists inside an image.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-d,--user-data <i>user_data</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>User data to pass to the instance.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--user-data-force <i>user_data</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Same as <codeph>--user-data</codeph>, but without checking if a file by that name
								already exists.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-f,--user-data-file
								<i>user_data_file</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>File containing user data to pass to the instance.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--addressing <i>user_data_file</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>(Eucalyptus only) Addressing scheme to use when launching the
								instance. Use <codeph>private</codeph> to run an instance with no
								public address. <p>Valid values: <codeph>public</codeph> |
										<codeph>private</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-t,--instance-type</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Instance type to run. 
								<p>Valid values: <codeph>m1.small</codeph> | <codeph>t1.micro</codeph> | <codeph>m1.medium</codeph> | <codeph>m1.large</codeph> | 
								    <codeph>c1.medium</codeph> | <codeph>m1.xlarge</codeph> | <codeph>c1.xlarge</codeph> | <codeph>m2.xlarge</codeph> |
									<codeph>m3.xlarge</codeph> | <codeph>cc1.4xlarge</codeph> | <codeph>m2.2xlarge</codeph> |<codeph> m3.2xlarge</codeph> | 
								    <codeph>m2.4xlarge</codeph> | <codeph>hi1.4xlarge</codeph> | <codeph>cc2.8xlarge</codeph> | <codeph>cg1.4xlarge</codeph> | 
								    <codeph>cr1.8xlarge</codeph> | <codeph>hs1.8xlarge</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--kernel</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Kernel ID to be used.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--ramdisk</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Ramdisk ID to be used.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-b,--block-device-mapping </codeph></entry>
							<entry>Block device mapping for the instance. This is passed in the form
								of &lt;devicename>=&lt;blockdevice>, where:
									<codeph>devicename</codeph> is the device name of the physical
								device on the instance to map and <codeph>blockdevice</codeph> is
								one of the following values: <ul>
									<li><codeph>none</codeph>: Use this value to suppress existing
										mapping on the specified image for this device. For example:
											<codeph>/dev/sdc=none</codeph></li>
									<li><codeph>ephemeral[0..3]</codeph>: Use this value to indicate
										that an instance local storage device should be mapped to
										this device. For example:
											<codeph>/dev/sdc=ephemeral0</codeph></li>
									<li><codeph>[snapshot-id]:[size]:[delete-on-termination
											(true|false)]</codeph>: Use this value to map a device
										to an existing EBS-backed volume, and to specify whether the
										EBS volume should be deleted on termination. This value
										defaults to <codeph>true</codeph>. <p>To specify a new
											EBS-backed volume, skip the snapshot ID and pass in a
											volume size instead. For example:<codeph>
												/dev/sdb=:20</codeph>.</p></li>
								</ul></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-m, --monitor</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Enable monitoring for the instance. Boolean value. Defaults to
								Disabled.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--disable-api-termination</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Prevent API calls from terminating the instance(s).</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--instance-initiated-shutdown-behavior
									<b>value</b></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Indicates whether to stop or terminate EBS-backed instances upon
								shutdown. 
								<p>Valid values: <codeph>stop</codeph> (default) |
										<codeph>terminate</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--placement-group <i>group_name</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Specifies the placement group in which to launch the
								instance.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--tenancy <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>(VPC only) Indicates the type of tenancy for the instance. A
								value of <codeph>dedicated</codeph> indicates that the instance
								should run on single-tenant hardware. <p>Valid values:
										<codeph>default</codeph> |
								<codeph>dedicated</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--client-token <i>token_value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Unique identifier to ensure request idempotency.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-s,--subnet <i>subnet_value</i>
								</codeph></entry>
							<entry>(VPC only) Subnet for the instance's network interface.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--associate-public-ip-address  <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>(VPC only) Whether or not to assign public IP addresses to the new instances. This
								overrides the subnet’s settings for whether or not to assign them by
								default. If you don't want a public IP address, set it to <codeph>false</codeph>; and
								note that you need to also specify the <codeph>--subnet</codeph>
									option.<p>Valid values: <codeph>true</codeph> |
										<codeph>false</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--private-ip-address <i>address</i>
								</codeph></entry>
							<entry>(VPC only) Assign the specified primary private IP address to an
								instance's interface.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--secondary-private-ip-address <i>address</i>
								</codeph></entry>
							<entry>(VPC only) Assign the specified secondary private IP address to
								an instance's network interface. Use this option multiple times to
								add additional addresses.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--secondary-private-ip-address-count <i>count</i>
								</codeph></entry>
							<entry>(VPC only) Automatically assign a specific number of secondary
								private IP addresses to an instance's network interface.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-a, --network-interface <i>interface</i>
								</codeph></entry>
							<entry>(VPC only) Add the specified network interface to the new instance. <p>If the
									interface already exists, supply its ID and a numeric index for
									it, separated by ":", in the form "eni-NNNNNNNN:INDEX". To
									create a new interface, supply a numeric index and subnet ID for
									it, along with (in order) an optional description, a primary
									private IP address, a list of security group IDs to associate
									with the interface, whether to delete the interface upon
									instance termination ("true" or "false"), a number of secondary
									private IP addresses to create automatically, and a list of
									secondary private IP addresses to assign to the interface,
									separated by ":", in the form:</p>
								<codeph>:INDEX:SUBNET:[DESCRIPT
									ION]:[PRIV_IP]:[GROUP1,GROUP2,...]:[true|false]:[SEC_I
									P_COUNT|:SEC_IP1,SEC_IP2,...]</codeph>. <p>You cannot specify
									both. </p><p>This option may be used multiple times. Each adds
									another network interface.</p></entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>				
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-p, --iam-profile <i>IAM_profile</i>
							</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The name or ARN of the IAM instance profile to associate
								with the new instance(s).</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>					
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--ebs-optimized</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Optimize the new instance(s) for EBS I/O.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-z,--availability-zone <i>zone</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Availability zone to run the instance in.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Output type identifier ("RESERVATION")</li>
				<li>Instance ID that uniquely identifies each running instance</li>
				<li>EMI ID of the image on which the instance(s) are based</li>
				<li>Instance state. This is usually pending, which indicates that the instance(s)
					are preparing to launch</li>
				<li>Key pair name (if a key pair was associated with the instance at launch)</li>
				<li>Product code (if applicable)</li>
				<li>Instance type</li>
				<li>Instance launch time</li>
				<li>Availability zone</li>
				<li>Kernel ID</li>
				<li>RAM disk ID</li>
				<li>Monitoring status</li>
				<li>Root device type (ebs or instance-store)</li>
				<li>Placement group the cluster instance is in</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-run-instances -k mykey -g mygroup emi-15A1386E
RESERVATION r-D8A4438A  790547641019    default
INSTANCE    i-12623E16  emi-15A1386E    0.0.0.0 0.0.0.0 pending kp00
 0       m1.small    2012-01-01T00:00:00.000Z    zone00</codeblock>
		</section>
	</refbody>

</reference>
