<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="eucaproperties">
 <title>Eucalyptus Configuration Variables</title>
 <shortdesc>Eucalyptus exposes a number of variables that can be configured using the<codeph>
            euctl</codeph> command. This topic explains what types of variables Eucalyptus uses,
        and lists the most common configurable variables.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section id="modifiable_property_notes"><title>Eucalyptus Variable Types</title>
      <p>Eucalyptus uses two types of variables: ones that can be changed (as configuration options), and
                ones that cannot be changed (they are displayed as variables, but configured by
                modifying the <codeph>eucalyptus.conf</codeph> file on the CC).</p>

      <note type="important">Once a cloud is in use and has started operating
                based on these variables, it is not safe to change them at runtime.</note></section>
  <section id="modifiable_property_table"><title>Eucalyptus Variables</title>
      <p>The following table contains a list of common Eucalyptus cloud variables.</p>
      <table>
       <tgroup
                    cols="2">
                    <colspec colnum="1" colname="c1" colwidth="33%"/>
                    <colspec colnum="2" colname="c2" colwidth="66%"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Variable</entry>
                            <entry>Description</entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.access_keys_limit </entry>
                            <entry>Limit for access keys per user</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.authorization_cache </entry>
                            <entry>Authorization cache configuration, for credentials and
                                authorization metadata</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.authorization_expiry </entry>
                            <entry>Default expiry for cached authorization metadata</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.authorization_reuse_expiry</entry>
                            <entry>Default expiry for re-use of cached authorization metadata on
                                failure</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.credential_download_generate_certificate </entry>
                            <entry>Strategy for generation of certificates on credential download
                                (Never | Absent | Limited)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.credential_download_host_match </entry>
                            <entry>CIDR to match against for host address selection</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.credential_download_port </entry>
                            <entry>Port to use in service URLs when 'bootstrap.webservices.port' is
                                not appropriate.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.default_password_expiry </entry>
                            <entry>Default password expiry time</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.max_policy_size </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum size for an IAM policy (bytes)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.signing_certificates_limit </entry>
                            <entry>Limit for signing certificates per user</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>authentication.system_account_quota_enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Process quotas for system accounts</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.activityexpiry </entry>
                            <entry>Expiry age for scaling activities. Older activities are
                                deleted.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.activityinitialbackoff </entry>
                            <entry>Initial back-off period for failing activities.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.activitymaxbackoff </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum back-off period for failing activities.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.activitytimeout </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout for a scaling activity.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.maxlaunchincrement </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum instances to launch at one time.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.maxregistrationretries </entry>
                            <entry>Number of times to attempt load balancer registration for each
                                instance.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.pendinginstancetimeout </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout for a pending instance.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.suspendedprocesses </entry>
                            <entry>Globally suspend scaling processes; a comma-delimited list of
                                processes
                                (Launch,Terminate,HealthCheck,
                                ReplaceUnhealthy,AZRebalance,
                                AlarmNotification,ScheduledActions,
                                AddToLoadBalancer).
                                Default is empty, meaning the processes are not suspended.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.suspendedtasks </entry>
                            <entry>Suspended scaling tasks.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.suspensionlaunchattemptsthreshold </entry>
                            <entry>Minimum launch attempts for administrative suspension of scaling
                                activities for a group.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.suspensiontimeout </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout for administrative suspension of scaling activities for a
                                group.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.untrackedinstancetimeout </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout for termination of untracked auto scaling
                                instances.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>autoscaling.zonefailurethreshold </entry>
                            <entry>Time after which an unavailable zone should be treated as
                                failed</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.async.future_listener_debug_limit_secs </entry>
                            <entry>Number of seconds a future listener can execute before a debug
                                message is logged.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.async.future_listener_error_limit_secs </entry>
                            <entry>Number of seconds a future listener can execute before an error
                                message is logged.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.async.future_listener_get_retries </entry>
                            <entry>Total number of seconds a future listener's executor waits to
                                get().</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.async.future_listener_get_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Number of seconds a future listener's executor waits to get() per
                                call.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.async.future_listener_info_limit_secs </entry>
                            <entry>Number of seconds a future listener can execute before an info
                                message is logged.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.hosts.state_initialize_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout for state initialization (in msec).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.hosts.state_transfer_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout for state transfers (in msec).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.batch_delay_seconds </entry>
                            <entry>Interval (in seconds) during which a notification will be delayed
                                to allow for batching events for delivery.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.digest </entry>
                            <entry>Send a system state digest periodically.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.digest_frequency_hours </entry>
                            <entry>Period (in hours) with which a system state digest will be
                                delivered.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.digest_only_on_errors </entry>
                            <entry>If sending system state digests is set to true, then only send
                                the digest when the system has failures to report.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.digest_frequency_hours </entry>
                            <entry>Period (in hours) with which a system state digest will be
                                delivered.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.digest_only_on_errors </entry>
                            <entry>If sending system state digests is set to true, then only send
                                the digest when the system has failures to report.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_from </entry>
                            <entry>From email address used for notification delivery.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_from_name </entry>
                            <entry>From email name used for notification delivery.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_from_name </entry>
                            <entry>From email name used for notification delivery.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_subject_prefix </entry>
                            <entry>Email subject used for notification delivery.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email_to </entry>
                            <entry>Email address where notifications are to be delivered.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.include_fault_stack </entry>
                            <entry>Period (in hours) with which a system state digest will be
                                delivered.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email.email_smtp_host </entry>
                            <entry>SMTP host to use when sending email. If unset, the following
                                values are tried: 1) the value of the 'mail.smtp.host' system
                                variable, 2) localhost, 3) mailhost.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.notifications.email.email_smtp_port </entry>
                            <entry>SMTP port to use when sending email. Defaults to 25</entry>
                        </row>

                            <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.common_thread_pool_size</entry>
                            <entry>Default thread pool for component message processing. When the
                                size of the common thread pool is zero or less, Eucalyptus uses
                                separate thread pools for each component and a pool for dispatching.
                                Default size = 256 threads.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.component_thread_pool_size</entry>
                            <entry>Used when the size of the common thread pool is zero or less.
                                Default size = 64 threads.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.context_message_log_whitelist</entry>
                            <entry>Message patterns to match for logging. Allows selective message
                                logging at INFO level. A list of wildcards that allows selective 
                                logging for development or troubleshooting (e.g., on request/response,
                                on a package, on a component). <note>Logging can
                                    impact security; do not use as a general purpose logging feature.</note></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.context_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Message context timeout in seconds. Default = 60 							
                                seconds.</entry>
                        </row>

                            <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.dispatch_thread_pool_size</entry>
                            <entry>Used when the size of the common thread pool is zero or less.
                                Default size = 256 threads.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.servicebus.hup </entry>
                            <entry>Do a soft reset. Default = 0 (false).</entry>
                        </row>

                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.timer.rate </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in milliseconds) before a previously running
                                instance which is not reported will be marked as terminated.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.topology.coordinator_check_backoff_secs </entry>
                            <entry>Backoff between service state checks (in seconds).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.topology.local_check_backoff_secs </entry>
                            <entry>Backoff between service state checks (in seconds).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.tx.concurrent_update_retries </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of times a transaction may be retried before
                                giving up.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.async_internal_operations </entry>
                            <entry>Execute internal service operations from a separate thread pool
                                (with respect to I/O).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.async_operations </entry>
                            <entry>Execute service operations from a separate thread pool (with
                                respect to I/O).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.async_pipeline </entry>
                            <entry>Execute service specific pipeline handlers from a separate thread
                                pool (with respect to I/O).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.channel_connect_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Channel connect timeout (ms).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.channel_keep_alive </entry>
                            <entry>Socket keep alive.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.channel_nodelay </entry>
                            <entry>Server socket TCP_NODELAY.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.channel_reuse_address </entry>
                            <entry>Socket reuse address.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_http_chunk_buffer_max </entry>
                            <entry>Server http chunk max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_idle_timeout_secs </entry>
                            <entry>Client idle timeout (secs).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_internal_timeout_secs </entry>
                            <entry>Client idle timeout (secs).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_pool_max_mem_per_conn </entry>
                            <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_pool_max_threads </entry>
                            <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_pool_timeout_millis </entry>
                            <entry>Client socket select timeout (ms).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.client_pool_total_mem </entry>
                            <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.clock_skew_sec </entry>
                            <entry>A max clock skew value (in seconds) between client and server
                                accepted when validating timestamps in Query/REST protocol.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.cluster_connect_timeout_millis </entry>
                            <entry>Cluster connect timeout (ms).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_aws_sns_uri_scheme </entry>
                            <entry>Default scheme for AWS_SNS_URL.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_ec2_uri_scheme </entry>
                            <entry>Default scheme for EC2_URL.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_euare_uri_scheme </entry>
                            <entry>Default scheme for EUARE_URL.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_eustore_url </entry>
                            <entry>Default EUSTORE_URL.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_https_enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Default scheme prefix.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.default_s3_uri_scheme </entry>
                            <entry>Default scheme for S3_URL.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.disabled_soap_api_components </entry>
                            <entry>List of services with disabled SOAP APIs.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.http_max_chunk_bytes </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum HTTP chunk size (bytes).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.http_max_header_bytes </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum HTTP headers size (bytes).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.http_max_initial_line_bytes </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum HTTP initial line size (bytes).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.http_server_header</entry>
                            <entry>HTTP server header returned for responses. If set to "default",
                                the standard version header is returned, e.g. Eucalyptus/4.3.1. If
                                set to another value, that value is returned in the header, except
                                for an empty value, which results in no server header being
                                    returned.<p>Default: default</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.listener_address_match </entry>
                            <entry>CIDRs matching addresses to bind on <note>Default
                                interface is always bound regardless.</note></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.log_requests </entry>
                            <entry>Enable request logging.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.oob_internal_operations </entry>
                            <entry>Execute internal service operations out of band from the normal
                                service bus.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.pipeline_idle_timeout_seconds </entry>
                            <entry>Server socket idle time-out.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.pipeline_max_query_request_size </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum Query Pipeline http chunk size (bytes).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.port </entry>
                            <entry>Port to bind <note>Port 8773 is always bound
                                regardless.</note></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.replay_skew_window_sec </entry>
                            <entry>Time interval duration (in seconds) during which duplicate
                                signatures will be accepted to accommodate collisions.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_boss_pool_max_mem_per_conn </entry>
                            <entry>Server max selector memory per connection.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_boss_pool_max_threads </entry>
                            <entry>Server selector thread pool max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_boss_pool_timeout_millis </entry>
                            <entry>Service socket select timeout (ms).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_boss_pool_total_mem </entry>
                            <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_channel_nodelay </entry>
                            <entry>Server socket TCP_NODELAY.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_channel_reuse_address </entry>
                            <entry>Server socket reuse address.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_pool_max_mem_per_conn </entry>
                            <entry>Server max worker memory per connection.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_pool_max_threads </entry>
                            <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_pool_timeout_millis </entry>
                            <entry>Service socket select timeout (ms).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.server_pool_total_mem </entry>
                            <entry>Server max worker memory total.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.statistics </entry>
                            <entry>Record and report service times.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.unknown_parameter_handling </entry>
                            <entry>Request unknown parameter handling (default | ignore |
                                error)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.use_dns_delegation </entry>
                            <entry>Use DNS delegation.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.use_instance_dns </entry>
                            <entry>Use DNS names for instances.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_alias </entry>
                            <entry>Alias of the certificate entry in euca.p12 to use for SSL for
                                webservices.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_password </entry>
                            <entry>Password of the private key corresponding to the specified
                                certificate for SSL for web services.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_ssl_ciphers </entry>
                            <entry>SSL ciphers for web services.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_ssl_protocols </entry>
                            <entry>SSL protocols for web services.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.user_ssl_ciphers </entry>
                            <entry>SSL ciphers for external use.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.user_ssl_default_cas </entry>
                            <entry>Use default CAs with SSL for external use.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.user_ssl_enable_hostname_verification </entry>
                            <entry>SSL hostname validation for external use.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>bootstrap.webservices.ssl.user_ssl_protocols </entry>
                            <entry>SSL protocols for external use.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.db_check_poll_time </entry>
                            <entry>Poll time (ms) for db connection check</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.db_check_threshold </entry>
                            <entry>Threshold (number of connections or %) for db connection
                                check</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.euca_log_level </entry>
                            <entry>Log level for dynamic override.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.identifier_canonicalizer </entry>
                            <entry>Name of the canonicalizer for resource identifiers.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.log_file_disk_check_poll_time </entry>
                            <entry>Poll time (ms) for log file disk check</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.log_file_disk_check_threshold </entry>
                            <entry>Threshold (bytes or %) for log file disk check</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.memory_check_poll_time </entry>
                            <entry>Poll time (ms) for memory check</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.memory_check_ratio </entry>
                            <entry>Ratio (of post-garbage collected old-gen memory) for memory
                                check</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.trigger_fault </entry>
                            <entry>Fault id last used to trigger test</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.cluster.disabledinterval </entry>
                            <entry>The time period between service state checks for a Cluster
                                Controller which is DISABLED.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.cluster.enabledinterval </entry>
                            <entry>The time period between service state checks for a Cluster
                                Controller which is ENABLED.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.cluster.notreadyinterval </entry>
                            <entry>The time period between service state checks for a Cluster
                                Controller which is NOTREADY.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.cluster.pendinginterval </entry>
                            <entry>The time period between service state checks for a Cluster
                                Controller which is PENDING.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.cluster.requestworkers </entry>
                            <entry>The number of concurrent requests which will be sent to a single
                                Cluster Controller.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.cluster.startupsyncretries </entry>
                            <entry>The number of times a request will be retried while bootstrapping
                                a Cluster Controller.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.images.cleanupperiod </entry>
                            <entry>The period between runs for clean up of deregistered
                                images.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.images.defaultvisibility </entry>
                            <entry>The default value used to determine whether or not images are
                                marked 'public' when first registered.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.images.maximagesizegb </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum registerable image size in GB</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.images.maxmanifestsizebytes </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum allowed image manifest size in bytes</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.monitor.default_poll_interval_mins </entry>
                            <entry>How often the CLC requests data from the CC. Default value is 5
                                minutes.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.monitor.history_size </entry>
                            <entry>How many data value samples are sent from the CC to the
                                    CLC. The default value is 5.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.network.address_pending_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Minutes before a pending system public address 
                                allocation times out and is released. <p>Default: 35 minutes.</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.network.ec2_classic_additional_protocols_allowed</entry>
                            <entry>Comma delimited list of protocol numbers supported in EDGE
                                mode for security group rules beyond the EC2-Classic defaults
                                (TCP,UDP,ICMP). Only <xref
                                    href="http://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml"
                                    format="xhtml"
                                    scope="external">valid IANA protocol numbers</xref> are
                                accepted. <p>Default: None</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.network.max_broadcast_apply </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum time to apply network information. <p>Default: 120 seconds.</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.network.min_broadcast_interval </entry>
                            <entry>Minimum interval between broadcasts of network information. 
                                <p>Default: 5 seconds.</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.network.network_index_pending_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Minutes before a pending index allocation times out and is
                                released. <p>Default: 35 minutes.</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.buried_time </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) to retain unreported terminated
                                instance data.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.ebs_root_device_name </entry>
                            <entry>Name for root block device mapping</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.ebs_volume_creation_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a EBS volume backing the
                                instance is created</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.instance_reachability_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a VM which is not reported by
                                a cluster will fail a reachability test.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.instance_subdomain </entry>
                            <entry>Subdomain to use for instance DNS.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.instance_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (default unit minutes) before a previously running
                                instance which is not reported will be marked as terminated.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.instance_touch_interval </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) between updates for a running
                                instance.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.mac_prefix </entry>
                            <entry>Default prefix to use for instance / network interface MAC
                                addresses.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.max_state_threads </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of threads the system will use to service blocking
                                state changes.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.migration_refresh_time </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum amount of time (in seconds) that migration state will
                                take to propagate state changes (e.g., to tags).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.network_metadata_refresh_time </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum amount of time (in seconds) that the network topology
                                service takes to propagate state changes.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.pending_time</entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a pending instance will be terminated.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.shut_down_time </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a VM which is not reported by
                                a cluster will be marked as terminated.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.stopping_time </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) before a stopping VM which is not
                                reported by a cluster will be marked as terminated.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.terminated_time </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in minutes) that a terminated VM will continue to
                                be reported.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.tx_retries </entry>
                            <entry>Number of times to retry transactions in the face of potential
                                concurrent update conflicts.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.unknown_instance_handlers </entry>
                            <entry>Comma separated list of handlers to use for unknown instances
                                ('restore', 'restore-failed', 'terminate', 'terminate-done')</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.user_data_max_size_kb </entry>
                            <entry>Max length (in KB) that the user data file can be for an instance
                                (after base 64 decoding)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.vm_initial_report_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in seconds) since completion of the creating run
                                instance operation that the new instance is treated as unreported if
                                not... reported.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.vm_metadata_generated_cache</entry>
                            <entry>Instance metadata generated data cache configuration. The cache
                                is used for IAM metadata (<codeph>../latest/meta-data/iam/</codeph>) and instance
                                identity (<codeph>../latest/dynamic/instance-identity/</codeph>).<p>Default:
                                    maximumSize=1000, expireAfterWrite=5m</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.vm_metadata_instance_cache </entry>
                            <entry>Instance metadata cache configuration.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.vm_metadata_request_cache </entry>
                            <entry>Instance metadata instance resolution cache
                                configuration.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.vm_metadata_user_data_cache </entry>
                            <entry>Instance metadata user data cache configuration.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.vm_state_settle_time </entry>
                            <entry>Amount of time (in seconds) to let instance state settle after a
                                transition to either stopping or shutting-down.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.volatile_state_interval_sec </entry>
                            <entry>Period (in seconds) between state updates for actively changing
                                state.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmstate.volatile_state_timeout_sec </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout (in seconds) before a requested instance terminate will
                                be repeated.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmtypes.default_type_name </entry>
                            <entry>Default type used when no instance type is specified for run
                                instances.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vmtypes.format_ephemeral_storage </entry>
                            <entry>Format first ephemeral disk by defaut with ext3</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.defaultvpc </entry>
                            <entry>Enable default VPC.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.networkaclspervpc </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of network ACLs for each VPC.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.routespertable </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of routes for each route table.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.routetablespervpc </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of route tables for each VPC.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.rulespernetworkacl </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of rules per direction for each network
                                ACL.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.rulespersecuritygroup </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of associated security groups for each network
                                interface .</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.securitygroupspernetworkinterface </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of associated security groups for each network
                                interface .</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.securitygroupspervpc </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of security groups for each VPC.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloud.vpc.subnetspervpc </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of subnets for each VPC.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.autoscaling_group_deleted_max_delete_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for an autoscaling group
                                to be deleted after deletion)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.autoscaling_group_zero_instances_max_delete_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for an autoscaling group
                                to have zero instances during delete</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.instance_attach_volume_max_create_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for an instance to have
                                volumes attached after creation)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.instance_running_max_create_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for an instance to be
                                running after creation)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.instance_terminated_max_delete_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for an instance to be
                                terminated after deletion)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.max_attributes_per_mapping </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum number of attributes allowed in a mapping in a
                                template</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.max_mappings_per_template </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum number of mappings allowed in a template</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.max_outputs_per_template </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum number of outputs allowed in a template</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.max_parameters_per_template </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum number of outputs allowed in a template</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.max_resources_per_template </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum number of resources allowed in a template</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.region </entry>
                            <entry>The value of AWS::Region and value in CloudFormation ARNs for
                                Region</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.request_template_body_max_length_bytes </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum number of bytes in a request-embedded
                                template</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.request_template_url_max_content_length_bytes </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum number of bytes in a template referenced via a
                                URL</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.security_group_max_delete_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to retry security group deletes
                                (may fail if instances from autoscaling group)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.subnet_max_delete_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to retry subnet deletes</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.swf_activity_worker_config </entry>
                            <entry>JSON configuration for the cloudformation simple workflow
                                activity worker</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.swf_domain </entry>
                            <entry>The simple workflow service domain for cloudformation</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.swf_tasklist </entry>
                            <entry>The simple workflow service task list for cloudformation</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.url_domain_whitelist </entry>
                            <entry>A comma separated white list of domains (other than Eucalyptus S3
                                URLs) allowed by CloudFormation URL parameters</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.volume_attachment_max_create_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for a volume to be
                                attached during create)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.volume_available_max_create_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for a volume to be
                                available after create)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.volume_deleted_max_delete_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for a volume to be
                                deleted)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.volume_detachment_max_delete_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for a volume to detach
                                during delete)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.volume_snapshot_complete_max_delete_retry_secs </entry>
                            <entry>The amount of time (in seconds) to wait for a snapshot to be
                                complete (if specified as the deletion policy) before a volume is
                                deleted)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudformation.wait_condition_bucket_prefix </entry>
                            <entry>The prefix of the bucket used for wait condition handles</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>cloudwatch.disable_cloudwatch_service </entry>
                            <entry>Set this to true to stop cloud watch alarm evaluation and new
                                alarm/metric data entry</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.dns_listener_address_match </entry>
                            <entry>Additional address patterns to listen on for DNS
                                requests.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.enabled</entry>
                            <entry>Enable pluggable DNS resolvers. <note>This must be 'true'
                                for any pluggable resolver to work. Also, each resolver may need to
                                be separately enabled.</note></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.search</entry>
                            <entry>Comma separated list of domains to search, OS settings used if
                                none specified (a change requires restart).</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.server</entry>
                            <entry>Comma separated list of name servers; OS settings used if none
                                specified (change requires restart)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.server_pool_max_threads </entry>
                            <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.server_pool_max_threads </entry>
                            <entry>Server worker thread pool max.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.instancedata.enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Enable the instance-data resolver. 
                                <note><codeph>dns.enabled</codeph> must also be 'true'.</note>
                                </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.ns.enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Enable the NS resolver.
                                <note><codeph>dns.enabled</codeph> must also be 'true'.</note>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.recursive.enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Enable the recursive DNS resolver.
                                <note><codeph>dns.enabled</codeph> must also be 'true'.</note>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.services.enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Enable the service topology resolver.
                                <note><codeph>dns.enabled</codeph> must also be 'true'.</note>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.split_horizon.enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Enable the split-horizon DNS resolution for internal instance
                                public DNS name queries.
                                <note><codeph>dns.enabled</codeph> must also be 'true'.</note>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.spoof_regions.enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Enable the spoofing resolver which allows for AWS DNS name
                                emulation for instances.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.spoof_regions.region_name </entry>
                            <entry>Internal region name. If set, the region name to expect as the
                                second label in the DNS name. For example, to treat your Eucalyptus
                                install like a region named 'eucalyptus', set this value to
                                    <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph>. Then, e.g.,
                                autoscaling.eucalyptus.amazonaws.com will resolve to the service
                                address when using this DNS server. The specified name creates a
                                pseudo-region with DNS names like ec2.pseudo-region.amazonaws.com
                                will resolve to Eucalyptus endpoints from inside of instances. Here
                                    <codeph>ec2</codeph> is any service name supported by
                                Eucalyptus. Those that are not supported will continue to resolve
                                through AWS's DNS.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.spoof_regions.spoof_aws_default_regions </entry>
                            <entry>Enable spoofing of the default AWS DNS names, e.g.,
                                ec2.amazonaws.com would resolve to the ENABLED Cloud Controller.
                                Here <codeph>ec2</codeph> is any service name supported by
                                Eucalyptus. Those that are not supported will continue to resolve
                                through AWS's DNS.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.spoof_regions.spoof_aws_regions </entry>
                            <entry>Enable spoofing for the normal AWS regions, e.g.,
                                ec2.us-east-1.amazonaws.com would resolve to the ENABLED Cloud
                                Controller. Here <codeph>ec2</codeph> is any service name supported
                                by Eucalyptus. Those that are not supported will continue to resolve
                                through AWS's DNS.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>dns.tcp.timeout_seconds </entry>
                            <entry>Variable controlling tcp handler timeout in seconds.</entry>
                        </row>
                     
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.bucket_creation_wait_interval_seconds </entry>
                            <entry>Interval, in seconds, during which buckets in creating-state are
                                valid. After this interval, the operation is assumed failed.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.bucket_naming_restrictions </entry>
                            <entry>The S3 bucket naming restrictions to enforce. Values are
                                'dns-compliant' or 'extended'. Default is 'extended'. dns_compliant
                                is non-US region S3 names, extended is for US-Standard Region
                                naming. See <xref
                                    href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/BucketRestrictions.html"
                                    format="html"
                                    scope="external">http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/BucketRestrictions.html</xref>.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.cleanup_task_interval_seconds </entry>
                            <entry>Interval, in seconds, at which cleanup tasks are initiated for
                                removing old/stale objects.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.dogetputoncopyfail </entry>
                            <entry>Should provider client attempt a GET / PUT when backend does not
                                support Copy operation</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.failed_put_timeout_hrs </entry>
                            <entry>Number of hours to wait for object PUT operations to be allowed
                                to complete before cleanup.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.max_buckets_per_account </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of buckets per account</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.max_total_reporting_capacity_gb </entry>
                            <entry>Total ObjectStorage storage capacity for Objects solely for
                                reporting usage percentage. Not a size restriction. No enforcement
                                of this value</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.providerclient </entry>
                            <entry>Object Storage Provider client to use for backend</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.queue_size </entry>
                            <entry>Channel buffer queue size for uploads</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.queue_timeout </entry>
                            <entry>Channel buffer queue timeout (in seconds)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3client.buffer_size </entry>
                            <entry>Internal S3 client buffer size</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3client.connection_timeout_ms </entry>
                            <entry>Internal S3 client connection timeout in ms</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3client.max_connections </entry>
                            <entry>Internal S3 client maximum connections</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3client.max_error_retries </entry>
                            <entry>Internal S3 client maximum retries on error</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3client.socket_read_timeout_ms </entry>
                            <entry>Internal S3 client socket read timeout in ms</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3provider.s3accesskey </entry>
                            <entry>Local Store S3 Access Key.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3provider.s3endpoint </entry>
                            <entry>External S3 endpoint.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3provider.s3secretkey </entry>
                            <entry>Local Store S3 Secret Key.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3provider.s3usebackenddns </entry>
                            <entry>Use DNS virtual-hosted-style bucket names for communication to
                                service backend.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>objectstorage.s3provider.s3usehttps </entry>
                            <entry>Use HTTPS for communication to service backend.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>region.region_enable_ssl </entry>
                            <entry>Enable SSL (HTTPS) for regions.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>region.region_name </entry>
                            <entry>Region name.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>region.region_ssl_ciphers </entry>
                            <entry>Ciphers to use for region SSL</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>region.region_ssl_default_cas </entry>
                            <entry>Use default CAs for region SSL connections.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>region.region_ssl_protocols </entry>
                            <entry>Protocols to use for region SSL</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>region.region_ssl_verify_hostnames </entry>
                            <entry>Verify hostnames for region SSL connections.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>reporting.data_collection_enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Set this to false to stop reporting from populating new data. 
                                <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/deprecated_rept_dw"/></note>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>reporting.default_size_time_size_unit </entry>
                            <entry>Default size-time size unit (GB-days, etc)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>reporting.default_size_time_time_unit </entry>
                            <entry>Default size-time time unit (GB-days, etc)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>reporting.default_size_unit </entry>
                            <entry>Default size unit</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>reporting.default_time_unit </entry>
                            <entry>Default time unit</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>reporting.default_write_interval_mins </entry>
                            <entry>How often the reporting system requests information from the
                                Cluster Controller</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.database.appendonlyhost </entry>
                            <entry>host address of the backend database for append-only data</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.database.appendonlypassword </entry>
                            <entry>password of the backend database for append-only data</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.database.appendonlyport </entry>
                            <entry>port number of the backend database for append-only data</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.database.appendonlysslcert </entry>
                            <entry>ssl certificate to use when connecting to the backend database
                                for append-only data</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.database.appendonlyuser </entry>
                            <entry>user name of the backend database for append-only data</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.import_task_expiration_hours </entry>
                            <entry>expiration hours of import volume/instance tasks</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.import_task_timeout_minutes </entry>
                            <entry>expiration time in minutes of import tasks</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.availability_zones </entry>
                            <entry>availability zones for imaging worker</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.configured </entry>
                            <entry>Prepare imaging service so a worker can be launched. If something
                                goes south with the service there is a big chance that setting it to
                                false and back to true would solve issues.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.expiration_days </entry>
                            <entry>the days after which imaging work VMs expire</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.healthcheck </entry>
                            <entry>enabling imaging worker health check</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.image </entry>
                            <entry>EMI containing imaging worker</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.init_script </entry>
                            <entry>bash script that will be executed before service configuration
                                and start up</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.instance_type </entry>
                            <entry>instance type for imaging worker</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.keyname </entry>
                            <entry>keyname to use when debugging imaging worker</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.log_server </entry>
                            <entry>address/ip of the server that collects logs from imaging
                                wokrers</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.log_server_port </entry>
                            <entry>UDP port that log server is listening to</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.log_server_port </entry>
                            <entry>UDP port that log server is listening to</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.imaging.worker.ntp_server </entry>
                            <entry>address of the NTP server used by imaging worker</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.dns_resolver_enabled </entry>
                            <entry>Enable the load balancing DNS resolver.
                                <note><codeph>dns.enabled</codeph> must also be 'true'.</note>
                                </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.dns_subdomain </entry>
                            <entry>loadbalancer dns subdomain</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.dns_ttl </entry>
                            <entry>loadbalancer dns ttl value</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.restricted_ports </entry>
                            <entry>The ports restricted for use as a loadbalancer port. Format
                                should be port(, port) or port-port</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.vm_per_zone </entry>
                            <entry>number of VMs per loadbalancer zone</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.worker.app_cookie_duration </entry>
                            <entry>duration of app-controlled cookie to be kept in-memory
                                (hours)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.worker.expiration_days </entry>
                            <entry>the days after which the loadbalancer VMs expire</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.worker.image </entry>
                            <entry>EMI containing haproxy and the controller</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.worker.init_script </entry>
                            <entry>bash script that will be executed before service configuration
                                and start up</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.worker.instance_type </entry>
                            <entry>instance type for loadbalancer instances</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.worker.keyname </entry>
                            <entry>keyname to use when debugging loadbalancer VMs</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.loadbalancing.worker.ntp_server </entry>
                            <entry>the address of the NTP server used by loadbalancer VMs</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.activitytypesperdomain </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of activity types for each domain.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.deprecatedactivitytyperetentionduration </entry>
                            <entry>Deprecated activity type retention time.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.deprecateddomainretentionduration </entry>
                            <entry>Deprecated domain minimum retention time.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.deprecatedworkflowtyperetentionduration </entry>
                            <entry>Deprecated workflow type minimum retention time.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.openactivitytasksperworkflowexecution </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of open activity tasks for each workflow
                                execution.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.opentimersperworkflowexecution </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of open timers for each workflow
                                execution.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.openworkflowexecutionsperdomain </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of open workflow executions for each
                                domain.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.systemonly </entry>
                            <entry>Service available for internal/administrator use only.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.workflowexecutionduration </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum workflow execution time.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.workflowexecutionhistorysize </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of events per workflow execution.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.workflowexecutionretentionduration </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum workflow execution history retention time.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>services.simpleworkflow.workflowtypesperdomain </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of workflow types for each domain.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>stats.config_update_check_interval_seconds </entry>
                            <entry>Interval, in seconds, at which the sensor configuration is
                                checked for changes</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>stats.enable_stats </entry>
                            <entry>Enable Eucalyptus internal monitoring stats</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>stats.event_emitter </entry>
                            <entry>Internal stats emitter FQ classname used to send metrics to
                                monitoring system</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>stats.file_system_emitter.stats_data_permissions </entry>
                            <entry>group permissions to place on stats data files in string form.
                                eg. rwxr-x--x</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>stats.file_system_emitter.stats_group_name </entry>
                            <entry>group name that owns stats data files</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>storage.global_total_snapshot_size_limit_gb </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum total snapshot capacity (GB)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>system.dns.dnsdomain </entry>
                            <entry>Domain name to use for DNS.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>system.dns.nameserver </entry>
                            <entry>Nameserver hostname.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>system.dns.nameserveraddress </entry>
                            <entry>Nameserver IP address.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>system.dns.nameserveraddress </entry>
                            <entry>Nameserver IP address.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>system.dns.registrationid </entry>
                            <entry>Unique ID of this cloud installation.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>system.exec.io_chunk_size </entry>
                            <entry>Size of IO chunks for streaming IO</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>system.exec.max_restricted_concurrent_ops </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of concurrent processes which match any of the
                                patterns in system.exec.restricted_concurrent_ops.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>system.exec.restricted_concurrent_ops </entry>
                            <entry>Comma-separated list of commands which are restricted by
                                system.exec.max_restricted_concurrent_ops.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>tagging.max_tags_per_resource </entry>
                            <entry>The maximum number of tags per resource for each account</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>tokens.disabledactions </entry>
                            <entry>Actions to disable</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>tokens.enabledactions </entry>
                            <entry>Actions to enable (ignored if empty)</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row> 
                            <entry>tokens.rolearnaliaswhitelist</entry>
                            <entry>Permitted account aliases for role Amazon Resource Names (ARNs).
                                Value is a list, for example:
                                    <codeph>eucalyptus,aws,dev*,prod*</codeph> in the case where
                                multiple aliases are permitted. <p>Default:
                                        <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph></p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>tokens.webidentityoidcdiscoverycache</entry>
                            <entry>Cache settings for discovered OpenID Connect metadata: provider
                                configuration and keys. Works with
                                    <codeph>tokens.webidentityoidcdiscoveryrefresh</codeph>.
                                    <p>Default: maximumSize=20, expireAfterWrite=15m</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>tokens.webidentityoidcdiscoveryrefresh</entry>
                            <entry> OpenID Connect discovery cache refresh expiry. Controls the time
                                in seconds between checks for updated OIDC metadata. Works with
                                    <codeph>tokens.webidentityoidcdiscoverycache</codeph>.
                                    <p>Default: 60</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>tokens.webidentitysignaturealgorithmwhitelist</entry>
                            <entry>List of JSON Web Signature algorithms to allow in web identity
                                tokens. The algorithm whitelist can be used to permit use of these
                                signature algorithms: RS256, RS384, RS512, PS256, PS384, PS512.
                                    <p>Default: RS512</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>tokens.webidentitytokenskew</entry>
                            <entry>A clock skew value in seconds. The Web identity token expiry /
                                not before validation is allowed within the configured skew.
                                    <p>Default: 60</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>walrusbackend.blockdevice </entry>
                            <entry>DRBD block device</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>walrusbackend.resource </entry>
                            <entry>DRBD resource name</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>walrusbackend.storagedir </entry>
                            <entry>Path to buckets storage</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>walrusbackend.storagemaxtotalcapacity </entry>
                            <entry>Total WalrusBackend storage capacity for Objects</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.cluster.networkmode </entry>
                            <entry>Currently configured network mode. <p>Default: None</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.cluster.sourcehostname </entry>
                            <entry>Alternative address which is the source address for requests made
                                by the component to the cloud controller. <p>Default: None</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.cluster.vnetnetmask </entry>
                            <entry>Netmask used by the cluster's virtual private networking. 
                                <p>Default: None</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.cluster.vnetsubnet </entry>
                            <entry>IP subnet used by the cluster's virtual private
                                networking. <p>Default: None</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.cluster.vnettype </entry>
                            <entry>IP version used by the cluster's virtual private
                                networking. <p>Default: None</p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager </entry>
                            <entry>EBS Block Storage Manager to use for backend</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.cephconfigfile </entry>
                            <entry>Absolute path to Ceph configuration (ceph.conf) file. Default
                                value is '/etc/ceph/ceph.conf'</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.cephkeyringfile </entry>
                            <entry>Absolute path to Ceph keyring (ceph.client.eucalyptus.keyring)
                                file. Default value is
                                '/etc/ceph/ceph.client.eucalyptus.keyring'</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.cephsnapshotpools </entry>
                            <entry>Ceph storage pool(s) made available to Eucalyptus for EBS
                                snapshots. Use a comma separated list for configuring multiple
                                pools. Default value is 'rbd'</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.cephuser </entry>
                            <entry>Ceph username employed by Eucalyptus operations. Default value is
                                'eucalyptus'</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.cephvolumepools </entry>
                            <entry>Ceph storage pool(s) made available to Eucalyptus for EBS
                                volumes. Use a comma separated list for configuring multiple pools.
                                Default value is 'rbd'</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.chapuser </entry>
                            <entry>User ID for CHAP authentication</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.dasdevice </entry>
                            <entry>Direct attached storage device location</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.maxconcurrentsnapshots </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of snapshots processed on the block storage
                                backend at a given time</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.maxconcurrentsnapshottransfers </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of snapshots that can be uploaded to or downloaded
                                from objectstorage gateway at a given time</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.maxconcurrentvolumes </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of volumes processed on the block storage backend
                                at a given time</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.maxsnapshotdeltas</entry>
                            <entry>A non-zero integer value enables upload of incremental snapshots
                                when possible. The configured value indicates the SC to
                                create/upload that many snapshot deltas for a given EBS volume
                                before triggering a full upload of the snapshot contents. Between
                                any two consecutive full snapshot uploads for a given EBS volume,
                                there will be at most <codeph>maxsnapshotdeltas</codeph> number of
                                incremental snapshot uploads. A value of 0 indicates that a newly
                                created snapshot will always be uploaded in its entirety (that is,
                                no deltas). Snapshot deltas are only used when your backend is
                                Ceph-RBD. <codeph>ZONE.storage.shouldtransfersnapshots</codeph> must
                                be set to <codeph>true</codeph> to enable snapshot
                                deltas.<p>Default: 0</p>
                                <!--ADDed XREF TO TECHNICAL PREVIEW DOC-2019-->
                                <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/tech_preview_snap_delta"
                                /></note></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.maxsnapshotpartsqueuesize </entry>
                            <entry>Maximum number of snapshot parts per snapshot that can be spooled
                                on the disk</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.maxtotalvolumesizeingb </entry>
                            <entry>Total disk space reserved for volumes</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.maxvolumesizeingb </entry>
                            <entry>Max volume size</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.ncpaths </entry>
                            <entry>iSCSI Paths for NC. Default value is 'nopath'</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.readbuffersizeinmb </entry>
                            <entry>Buffer size in MB for reading data from snapshot when uploading
                                snapshot to objectstorage gateway</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.resourceprefix </entry>
                            <entry>Prefix for resource name on SAN</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.resourcesuffix </entry>
                            <entry>Suffix for resource name on SAN</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.sanhost </entry>
                            <entry>Hostname for SAN device.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.sanpassword </entry>
                            <entry>Password for SAN device.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.sanuser </entry>
                            <entry>Username for SAN device.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.scpaths </entry>
                            <entry>iSCSI Paths for SC. Default value is 'nopath'</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.shouldtransfersnapshots </entry>
                            <entry>Enable snapshot transfer to the OSG. Setting it to <codeph>false</codeph> will
                                disable storing snapshots (full or delta) in object storage. While a
                                <codeph>false</codeph> setting will reduce object storage
                                requirements, it also prevents the ability to use a snapshot from
                                one availability zone to create a volume in another zone. You can
                                still take/use snapshots even when the setting is
                                <codeph>false</codeph>, but you can only use a snapshot to
                                create a volume in the same zone. Must be set to
                                <codeph>true</codeph> to use snapshot deltas, which are managed
                                by the <codeph>ZONE.storage.maxsnapshotdeltas</codeph>
                                property.<p>Default: <codeph>true</codeph></p></entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.snapexpiration </entry>
                            <entry>Time interval in minutes after which Storage Controller metadata
                                for snapshots that have been physically removed from the block
                                storage backend will be deleted</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.snapshotpartsizeinmb </entry>
                            <entry>Snapshot part size in MB for snapshot transfers using multipart
                                upload. Minimum part size is 5MB</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.snapshottransfertimeoutinhours </entry>
                            <entry>Snapshot upload wait time in hours after which the upload will be
                                cancelled</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.storeprefix </entry>
                            <entry>Prefix for ISCSI device</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.tasktimeout </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout for SAN commands.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.tid </entry>
                            <entry>Next Target ID for ISCSI device</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.timeoutinmillis </entry>
                            <entry>Timeout value in milli seconds for storage operations</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.volexpiration </entry>
                            <entry>Time interval in minutes after which Storage Controller metadata
                                for volumes that have been physically removed from the block storage
                                backend will be deleted</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.volumesdir </entry>
                            <entry>Storage volumes directory.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.writebuffersizeinmb </entry>
                            <entry>Buffer size in MB for writing data to snapshot when downloading
                                snapshot from object storage gateway</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ZONE.storage.zerofillvolumes </entry>
                            <entry>Should volumes be zero filled.</entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
   </table></section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
