<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euca-bundle-vol">
	<title>euca-bundle-vol</title>

	<shortdesc>Bundles an image for use with Eucalyptus or Amazon EC2,
		compressing, encrypting and signing a snapshot of the local machine's
		root file system.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>EC2 compatible commands</keyword>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus bundle volume</keyword>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euca-bundle-vol [-s, --size <b>size</b> ][-u, --user <b>user</b> ]
    		[-c, --cert <b>cert_path</b> ][-k, --privatekey <b>private_key_path</b> ]
    		[-a, --all][-p, --prefix <b>prefix</b> ][--no-inherit]
			[-e, --exclude <b>exclude</b> ][--kernel <b>kernel_id</b>]
			[--ramdisk <b>ramdisk_id</b>][--product-codes <b>product_codes</b>]
			[-B, --block-device-mapping <b>block_device_mapping</b>]
			[-d, --destination <b>destination_path</b>]
			[--ec2cert <b>ec2cert_path</b> ]
			[-r, --arch <b>target_architecture</b>]
			[--volume <b>volume_path</b> ][--fstab <b>fstab_path</b>]
			[--generate-fstab][--batch][-a, --all][--inherit][--no-inherit]
			[--volume <b>path</b>][--fspath <b>path</b>][--generate-fstab]
			[--ec2cert <b>file</b>][--kernel <b>image</b>]
			[--ramdisk <b>image</b>][--progress][--no-progress]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>

					<tbody>
						<row id="private_key">
							<entry><codeph>-k,--privatekey
									<i>private_key</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Path to user's PEM-encoded private
								key.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row id="user">
							<entry><codeph>-u,--user
								<i>user_id</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>12-digit account ID of the person who is bundling the image. </entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row id="cert">
							<entry><codeph>-c,--cert</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Path the user's PEM-encoded
								certificate.</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row id="arch">
							<entry><codeph>-r,--arch</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Target architecture for the image.
									<p>Default: <codeph>x86_64</codeph></p>
								<p>Valid values: <codeph>i386</codeph> |
										<codeph>x86_64</codeph></p>
							</entry>
							<entry align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row
							conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/size">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						<row
							conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/block_device_mapping">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						<row
							conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/destination">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						<row
							conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/exclude">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						<row
							conref="../shared/shared_params.dita#shared_params/include">
							<entry/>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-a,--all</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Bundle all directories (including mounted filesystems).</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--inherit</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Explicitly inherit instance metadata and add it to the bundled image (this is the default behavior).</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--no-inherit</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Explicitly inherit instance metadata and add it to the bundled image (this is the default behavior).</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--no-filter</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Do not use the default filtered files list.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--fstab</codeph><i>path</i></entry>
							<entry>Path to the fstab to bundle in the image.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--generate-fstab</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Generate fstab to bundle in the image.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--ec2cert</codeph><i>file</i></entry>
							<entry>File containing the cloud's X.509 certificate.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--kernel</codeph><i>image</i></entry>
							<entry>ID of the kernel image to associate with the machine bundle.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--ramdisk</codeph><i>image</i></entry>
							<entry>ID of the ramdisk image to associate with the machine bundle.</entry>
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--progress</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Show a progress bar during command execution. This is the default when this command is run interactively.</entry>
							
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--no-progress</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Do not show a progress bar during command execution. This is the default when this command is run non-interactively.</entry>
							
							<entry align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section>
		<title>Common Options</title>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
				<colspec colwidth="75*"/>
				
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry align="center">Option</entry>
						<entry align="center">Description</entry>
						
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row id="region">
						<entry><codeph>--region
							<i>region</i></codeph></entry>
						<entry>Region to direct requests to. Only valid for
							EC2 endpoints. <draft-comment>Meaning
								what?</draft-comment></entry>
					</row>
					<row id="url">
						<entry><codeph>-U,--url <i>url</i></codeph></entry>
						<entry>URL of the cloud to connect to. Expects an
							EC2 endpoint /services/Eucalyptus.
							<draft-comment>What does this sentence
								mean?</draft-comment></entry>
					</row>
					<row id="access_key_id">
						<entry><codeph>-a,--access-key
							<i>access_key_id</i></codeph></entry>
						<entry>User's access key ID</entry>
					</row>
					<row id="secret_key">
						<entry><codeph>-S,--secret-key <i>secret_key</i></codeph></entry>
						<entry>User's secret key</entry>
					</row>
					<row id="config">
						<entry><codeph>--config
							<i>configuration_path</i></codeph></entry>
						<entry>Read credentials and cloud settings from the
							specified config file. <p>Default:
								<filepath>$HOME/.eucarc or
									/etc/euca2ools/eucarc</filepath>.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row id="debug">
						<entry><codeph>--debug</codeph></entry>
						<entry>Prints what the command sends to the server
							and what it receives from the server. Use when
							you're trying to debug Euca2ools.</entry>
					</row>
					<row id="debugger">
						<entry><codeph>--debugger</codeph></entry>
						<entry>Enable interactive debugger on error</entry>
					</row>
					<row id="help">
						<entry><codeph>-h,--help</codeph></entry>
						<entry>Display the manual page for the
							command.</entry>
					</row>
					<row id="version">
						<entry><codeph>--version</codeph></entry>
						<entry>Display the version of this tool</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus returns status messages describing the stages and
				status of the bundling.</p>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Example</title>
			<codeblock>euca-bundle-vol -d /mnt/ebsvol -p myimage -s 2048 --arch x86_64
1+0 records in
1+0 records out
1048576 bytes (1.0 MB) copied, 0.00358811 s, 292 MB/s
mke2fs 1.41.9 (22-Aug-2009)
Filesystem label=
OS type: Linux
Block size=4096 (log=2)
Fragment size=4096 (log=2)
131072 inodes, 524288 blocks
26214 blocks (5.00%) reserved for the super user
First data block=0
Maximum filesystem blocks=536870912
16 block groups
32768 blocks per group, 32768 fragments per group
8192 inodes per group
Superblock backups stored on blocks:
 32768, 98304, 163840, 229376, 294912

Writing inode tables: done
Creating journal (16384 blocks): done
Writing superblocks and filesystem accounting information: done

This filesystem will be automatically checked every 39 mounts or
180 days, whichever comes first.  Use tune2fs -c or -i to override.
Checking image
Tarring image
Encrypting image
Splitting image...
Part: myimage.part.0
Part: myimage.part.1
Part: myimage.part.2
Part: myimage.part.3
Part: myimage.part.4
Part: myimage.part.5
Part: myimage.part.6
Part: myimage.part.7
Part: myimage.part.8
Part: myimage.part.9
Part: myimage.part.10
Part: myimage.part.11
Part: myimage.part.12
Part: myimage.part.13
Part: myimage.part.14
Part: myimage.part.15
Part: myimage.part.16
Part: myimage.part.17
Part: myimage.part.18
Part: myimage.part.19
Part: myimage.part.20
Part: myimage.part.21
Part: myimage.part.22
Generating manifest /mnt/ebsvol/myimage.manifest.xml</codeblock>
		</section>
	</refbody>

</reference>
