<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euctl">
	<title>euctl</title>
	<abstract>
		<shortdesc>The euctl utility retrieves cloud state and allows cloud administrators to set
			cloud state. The state to be retrieved or set is described using a Management
			Information Base (MIB) style name, described as a dotted set of components. See usage
			notes and examples below.</shortdesc>
		<note>The <codeph>euctl</codeph> command is intended to replace the deprecated
				<codeph>euca-describe-properties</codeph> and <codeph>euca-modify-property</codeph>
			commands.</note></abstract>


	<refbody>

		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>euctl [-A] [-r] [-d] [-s] [-n] [-q] [--edit | --dump] [--format {json,yaml}]
             [-U URL] [--region USER@REGION] [-I KEY_ID] [-S KEY]
        [--security-token TOKEN] [--debug] [--debugger] [--version] [-h]
             [NAME[=VALUE|=@FILE] [NAME[=VALUE|=@FILE] ...]]</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="65*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="10*"/>

					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry align="center">Option</entry>
							<entry align="center">Description</entry>
							<entry align="center">Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>


					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>NAME[<i>=VALUE</i>|<i>=@FILE</i>]</codeph>
								<varname>name</varname>=<varname>value</varname></entry>
							<entry>Output the specified variable, and where a value is given, attempt to set it to the
								specified value. Specify a filename to read the values from a file;
								for example: <codeph>myproperty=@myvaluefile</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Positional</entry>

						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-A, --all-types</codeph></entry>
							<entry>List all the known variable names, including structures. Those
								with string or integer values will be output as usual; for the
								structured values, the methods of retrieving them are given.</entry>
							<entry>No</entry>

						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-r, --reset</codeph>
							</entry>
							<entry>Resets the named property to the default value.</entry>

							<entry>No</entry>

						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-d</codeph>
							</entry>
							<entry>Show variables' default values instead of their current
								values.</entry>

							<entry>No</entry>

						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-s</codeph>
							</entry>
							<entry>Show variables' descriptions instead of their current
								values.</entry>
							
							<entry>No</entry>
							
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-n</codeph>
							</entry>
							<entry>Suppress output of the variable name. This is useful for setting
								shell variables.</entry>

							<entry>No</entry>

						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-q</codeph>
							</entry>
							<entry>Suppress all output when setting a variable. This option
								overrides the behavior of the <codeph>-n</codeph> parameter.</entry>

							<entry>No</entry>

						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--edit</codeph>
							</entry>
							<entry>Edit a structured variable interactively. Only one variable may
								be edited per invocation. When looking for an editor, the program
								will first try the environment variable VISUAL, then the environment
								variable EDITOR, and finally the default editor, vi.</entry>

							<entry>No</entry>

						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--dump</codeph>
							</entry>
							<entry>Output the value of a structured variable in its
								entirety.</entry>

							<entry>No</entry>

						</row>

						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--format <i>format</i></codeph>
							</entry>
							<entry>Try to use the specified format when displaying a structured
								variable. <p>Valid values: <codeph>json</codeph> |
										<codeph>yaml</codeph></p><p>Default value:
										<codeph>json</codeph></p></entry>

							<entry>No</entry>

						</row>

					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>

		<section>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p>When retrieving a variable, a subset of the MIB name may be specified to retrieve a
				list of variables in that subset. For example, to list all the dns variables: </p>
			<codeblock>euctl dns</codeblock>
			<p>This replaces <codeph>euca-describe-properties</codeph>.</p>
			<p>When setting a variable, the MIB name should be followed by an equal sign and the new
				value:</p>
			<codeblock>euctl dns.enabled=true</codeblock>
			<p>This replaces <codeph>euca-modify-property -p</codeph>.</p>
			<p>To write variables using the contents of the files as their new values rather than
				typing them into the command line, follow them with <codeph>=@</codeph> and those
				file names:</p>
			<codeblock>euctl authentication.ldap_integration_configuration=@ldap.lic</codeblock>
			<p>This replaces <codeph>euca-modify-property -f</codeph>.</p>
			<p>It is possible to read or write more than one variable in a single invocation of
				euctl. Just separate them with spaces:</p>
			<codeblock>euctl one=1 two=2 three four=@4.txt five</codeblock>
			<p>In all of these cases, <codeph>euctl</codeph> will generally output each variable named on its
				command line, along with its current (and potentially just-changed) value. For
				example, the output of the command above could be:
				<codeblock>one = 1 
two = 2
three = 3
four = 4
five = 5</codeblock> To reset a
				variable to its default value, specify the -r option:</p>
			<codeblock>euctl -r dns.enabled</codeblock>
			<p/><p>The information available from euctl consists of integers, strings, and
				structures. The structured information can only be retrieved by specialized programs
				and, in some cases, this program's <codeph>--edit</codeph> and
					<codeph>--dump</codeph> options.</p>
			<note>Refer to this command's manpage for a complete list of options and outputs.</note>
		</section>
	</refbody>
</reference>
