<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euserv-register-service">
  <title>euserv-modify-service</title>
  <abstract><shortdesc>Attempts to change the state of an instance of a service.</shortdesc>
    <note>The <codeph>euserv-modify-service</codeph> command replaces the deprecated 
      <codeph>euca-modify-service</codeph> command.</note>
  </abstract>
  
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Syntax</title>
      <codeblock>euserv-modify-service <b>-s</b> STATE [-U URL] [--region USER@REGION]

   [-I KEY_ID] [-S KEY] [--security-token TOKEN]
   [--debug] [--debugger] [--version] [-h] SVCINSTANCE
</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Positional Arguments</title>
      <table>
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Argument</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry><codeph>SVCINSTANCE</codeph></entry>
              <entry>The name of the service instance to modify.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Options</title>
      <table>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colwidth="28*"/>
          <colspec colwidth="60*"/>
          <colspec colwidth="12*"/>
          
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry align="center">Option</entry>
              <entry align="center">Description</entry>
              <entry align="center">Required</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          
          <tbody>
    <row>
      <entry><codeph>-s, --state <i>state</i></codeph></entry>
      <entry>The state to change to. </entry>
      <entry align="center">No</entry>
    </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  
    <section
      conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>
    
    <section>
      <title>Output</title>
      <p>No output is given. You can run the <codeph>euserv-describe-services</codeph> command 
        to verify that the modification completed successfully, as shown in the example following.</p>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>Example</title>
      <p>To modify the state of a storage controller service named "two-sc-1" to stopped:</p>
      <codeblock>euserv-modify-service -s stopped two-sc-1
euserv-describe-services --filter service-type=storage
SERVICE  storage  one  one-sc-1  enabled  
SERVICE  storage  two  two-sc-1  stopped  </codeblock>
      <note>In order to modify the status of snapshots and volumes in zones that have unavailable zones,  
        use a cloud with two zones and stop the storage controller on one of the zones. There must be a 
        volume and snapshot created on each zone before you can modify their statuses.</note>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
