<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euwatch-list-metrics">
	<title>euwatch-list-metrics</title>
	<shortdesc>Lists the metrics associated with your account. You can filter metrics by using any
		combination of <codeph>MetricName</codeph>, <codeph>Namespace</codeph>, or
		<codeph>Dimensions</codeph>. If a you do not specify a filter, Eucalyptus 
		returns all possible matches for the attribute. Note that any metric not seen for two weeks will expire and be removed from from this list.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
    	<section>
    		<title>Syntax</title>
    		<codeblock>euwatch-list-metrics [--dimensions  "<b>key1=value1</b>,<b>key2=value2</b>..." ]
[--metric-name  <b>value</b> ] [--namespace  <b>value</b> ] </codeblock>
    	</section>
    	<section>
    		<title>Options</title>
    		<table>
    			<tgroup cols="3">
    				<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
    				<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
    				<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
    				<thead>
    					<row>
    						<entry>Option</entry>
    						<entry>Description</entry>
    						<entry>Required</entry>
    						
    					</row>
    				</thead>
    				<tbody>
    					<row>
    						<entry><codeph>-d, --dimensions "<i>key1=value1</i>,<i>key2=value2</i>..."</codeph></entry>
    						<entry>Dimensions (one or more) along which the metric names are to be filtered.
    							If you do not specify a dimension, Eucalyptus returns metric names with all possible
    							dimensions.</entry>
    						<entry align="center">No</entry>
    					</row>
    					<row>
    						<entry><codeph>-m, --metric-name <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
    						<entry>Metric name that you want data for. If you do not
    							specify a metric, Eucalyptus returns all possible metric names.</entry>
    						<entry align="center">No</entry>
    					</row>
    					<row>
    						<entry><codeph>-n, --namespace <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
    						<entry>Namespace along which metrics will be filtered.  If you do not specify,
    							Eucalyptus returns metric names from  all possible namespaces.</entry>
    						<entry align="center">No</entry>
    					</row>
    				</tbody>
    			</tgroup>
    		</table>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section conref="../shared/euwatch-common.dita#euwatch-common/euwatch_common_options"/>
    	<section>
    		<title>Output</title>
    		<p>Eucalyptus returns a table that contains the following information:</p>
    		<ul>
    			<li>Metric Name: name of the metric attached to this metric.</li>
    				<li>Namespace: namespace associated with this metric.</li>
    				<li>Dimensions: list of the dimension names and values associated with this
    				metric.</li>
    		</ul>
    	</section>
    	
    	<section>
    		<title>Examples</title>
    		<p>The following example returns a list of all your metrics.</p>
    		<codeblock>euwatch-list-metrics</codeblock>
    		
    		<p>The following example returns a list of all your metrics for a specified metric name.</p>
    		<codeblock>euwatch-list-metrics --metric-name RequestCount</codeblock>
    		
    		<p>The following example returns a list of all your metrics for a specified namespace.</p>
    		<codeblock>euwatch-list-metrics --namespace MyService</codeblock>
    		
    		<p>The following example returns a list of all your metrics for specified dimension names
    			and values.</p>
    		<codeblock>euwatch-list-metrics --dimensions "User=TestUser,Stack=Test"</codeblock>
    		
    		<p>The following is an example of the output.</p>
    		<codeblock>Metric Name                 Namespace  Dimensions
CPUUtilization               AWS/EC2    {InstanceId=i-e7e48a8e}
CPUUtilization               AWS/EC2    {InstanceId=i-231d744a}
CPUUtilization               AWS/EC2    {InstanceId=i-22016e4b}
CPUUtilization               AWS/EC2    {InstanceId=i-b0345cd9}
CPUUtilization               AWS/EC2    {InstanceId=i-539dff3a}
CPUUtilization               AWS/EC2    {InstanceId=i-af3544c6}
CPUUtilization               AWS/EC2    {InstanceId=i-d4f29ebd}
CPUUtilization               AWS/EC2    {ImageId=ami-de4daab7}
...</codeblock>
    	</section>
    	
    </refbody>
</reference>
