<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euwatch-put-data">
	<title>euwatch-put-data</title>
	<shortdesc>Adds metric data points to a metric.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
  	<section>
  		<title>Syntax</title>
  		<codeblock>euwatch-put-data -m METRIC -n NAMESPACE
                        (-v FLOAT | -s Maximum=FLOAT,Minimum=FLOAT,SampleCount=F                           LOAT,Sum=FLOAT)
                        [-d <b>KEY1=VALUE1,KEY2=VALUE2,...</b>]
                        [-t YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ] [-u UNIT]
                        [--show-empty-fields] [-U URL] [--region USER@REGION]
                        [-I KEY_ID] [-S KEY] [--security-token TOKEN]
                        [--debug] [--debugger] [--version] [-h]</codeblock>
  	</section>
  	<section>
  		<title>Options</title>
  		<table>
  			<tgroup
					cols="3">
					<colspec
						colwidth="2.53*"/>
					<colspec
						colwidth="3.21*"/>
					<colspec
						colwidth="1*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Option</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-m METRIC, --metric-name METRIC</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of the metric to which data points are to be added.</entry>
							<entry
								align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-n NAMESPACE, --namespace NAMESPACE,
									<i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Namespace for the metric.</entry>
							<entry
								align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph> -v FLOAT, --value FLOAT, <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Data value for the metric.</entry>
							<entry
								align="center">Yes</entry>
						</row>
						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-d, --dimensions
									"<i>key1=value1</i>,<i>key2=value2</i>..." </codeph></entry>
							<entry>The dimensions of the metric to which data points are to be added.</entry>
							<entry
								align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-s, --statisticValues
										"<i>key1=value1</i>,<i>key2=value2</i>..." </codeph></entry>
							<entry>Statistics to be provided for the given metric. You must specify
								each value you want for this option, or else Eucalyptus returns an
								error. <p>Valid key values: <codeph>SampleCount</codeph> |
										<codeph>Sum</codeph> | <codeph>Maximum</codeph> |
										<codeph>Minimum</codeph></p>
							</entry>
							<entry
								align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-t, --timestamp
									<i>value1</i>,<i>value2</i>,<i>value3</i>...</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Timestamp of the data point. For example,
									<codeph>2009-11-25T19:00:00+00:00</codeph>. Timestamp will be
								rounded down to the nearest minute. The dateTime type uses ISO 8601.
								The default for this option is the time that this request was
								sent.</entry>
							<entry
								align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-u, --unit
									<i>value1</i>,<i>value2</i>,<i>value3</i>...</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The unit that the metric is being reported in. <p>Valid unit
									values are <codeph>Seconds</codeph> | <codeph>Bytes</codeph> |
										<codeph>Bits</codeph> | <codeph>Percent</codeph> |
										<codeph>Count</codeph> | <codeph>Bytes/Second</codeph> |
										<codeph>Bits/Second</codeph> | <codeph>Count/Second</codeph>
									| <codeph>None</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry
								align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-v, --value
									<i>value1</i>,<i>value2</i>,<i>value3</i>...</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The value of the metric datum being put in.</entry>
							<entry
								align="center">No</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
  		</table>
  	</section>
  	
  	<section conref="../shared/euwatch-common.dita#euwatch-common/euwatch_common_options"/>
  	<section>
  		<title>Output</title>
  		<p>Eucalyptus does not return any output.</p>
  	</section>
  	
  	<section>
  		<title>Examples</title>
  		<p>The following example puts statistic data for "RequestCount" in the "MyService" namespace. 
  			The metric contains no dimensions and so represents the overall RequestCount
  			across the entire service.  The measurement is a pre-aggregated
  			statisticValue representing five earlier measurements whose maximum was 70,
  			minimum was 30 and sum was 250.</p>
  		<codeblock>euwatch-put-data --metric-name RequestCount --namespace "MyService" 
 --timestamp 2009-11-25T00:00:00.000Z --statisticValues 
 "Sum=250,Minimum=30,Maximum=70,SampleCount=5"</codeblock>
  		
  		<p>The following example puts user-specific "RequestCount" test data in the "MyService"
  			namespace. The user and stack name are stored as dimensions in order to
  			distinguish this metric from the service-wide metric in the example above.</p>
  		<codeblock>euwatch-put-data --metric-name RequestCount --namespace "MyService" 
--dimensions "User=testUser,Stack=Test" --timestamp 2009-11-25T00:00:00.000Z --value 50</codeblock>
  	</section>
  	
  </refbody>
</reference>
