<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="euwatch-describe-alarm-history">
	<title>euwatch-describe-alarm-history</title>
	<shortdesc>Provides summary information or detailed history about the specified alarm.</shortdesc>
 <refbody>
 	<section>
 		<title>Syntax</title>
 		<codeblock>euwatch-describe-alarm-history [<b>AlarmName</b>] [--start-date  <b>value</b> ] 
[--end-date  <b>value</b> ] [--history-item-type  <b>value</b> ]</codeblock>
 	</section>
 	<section>
 		<title>Options</title>
 		<table>
 			<tgroup cols="3">
 				<colspec colwidth="25*"/>
 				<colspec colwidth="60*"/>
 				<colspec colwidth="15*"/>
 				<thead>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Option</entry>
 						<entry>Description</entry>
 						<entry>Required</entry>
 						
 					</row>
 				</thead>
 				<tbody>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>AlarmName</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>Names of the alarm. By default Eucalyptus returns history for all alarms.
 							You can also set this value using <codeph>--alarm-name</codeph>.</entry>
 						<entry align="center">No</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>--start-date <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
 						<entry>Start of date range for history. By default it extends to all available
 							history.</entry>
 						<entry align="center">No</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>--end-date <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
 						<entry>End of date range for history.
 							<p>Default: current time</p></entry>
 						<entry align="center">No</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>--history-item-type <i>value</i></codeph></entry>
 						<entry>Type of history items you want Eucalyptus to return. By default, Eucalyptus returns all types.
 							<p>Value values:</p>:<codeph> ConfigurationUpdate</codeph> | <codeph>StateUpdate</codeph> | <codeph>Action</codeph>. 
 							</entry>
 						<entry align="center">No</entry>
 					</row>
 					
 				</tbody>
 			</tgroup>
 		</table>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section
 		conref="../shared/euwatch-common.dita#euwatch-common/euwatch_common_options_desc"/>
 	<section>
 		<title>Output</title>
 		<p>Eucalyptus returns a table with the following information:</p>
 		<ul>
 			<li>ALARM: Alarm name.</li>
 			<li>TIMESTAMP: Timestamp.</li>
 			<li>TYPE: Type of event, one of ConfigurationUpdate, StateUpdate and Action.</li>
 			<li>SUMMARY: Human readable summary of history event.</li>
 			<li>DATA Detailed data on event in machine readable JSON format. This column
 			appears only in the <codeph>--show-long</codeph> view.</li>
 		</ul>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Examples</title>
 		<p>The following example requests all history items for the alarm, <codeph>my-alarm</codeph>.</p>
 		<codeblock>euwatch-describe-alarm-history --alarm-name my-alarm --headers</codeblock>
 		<p>The following is example output.</p>
 		<codeblock>ALARM   TIMESTAMP                 TYPE                 SUMMARY
my-alarm  2010-05-07T18:46:16.121Z  Action               Published a notification to arn:aws:sns:...
my-alarm  2010-05-07T18:46:16.118Z  StateUpdate          Alarm updated from INSUFFICIENT_DATA to OK
my-alarm  2010-05-07T18:46:07.362Z  ConfigurationUpdate  Alarm "my-alm" created</codeblock>
 	</section>
 	
 </refbody>
</reference>
