<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concepts_eiam">
 <title>EIAM Concepts</title>
	<shortdesc>This section describes the basic concepts involved with EIAM.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <dl>
  	<dlentry>
  		<dt>Accounts</dt>
  		<dd>Accounts are the primary unit for resource usage accounting. Each account is a separate name space and is identified by its UUID (Universal Unique Identifier).</dd>
  	</dlentry>
  	<dlentry>
  		<dt>Account Entities</dt>
  		<dd>Account entities are the various elements associated with EIAM accounts on which specific actions are performed — this includes the account itself, users, groups, and resources. Each type of account entity has a unique identifier.</dd>
  	</dlentry>
  	<dlentry>
  		<dt>Groups</dt>
  		<dd>Groups are used to share resource access authorizations among a set of users within an account. Users can belong to multiple groups.</dd>
  	</dlentry>
  	<dlentry>
  		<dt>Permissions</dt>
  		<dd>Permissions refer to the allowing or not allowing of access by a user or group to a particular resource.</dd>
  	</dlentry>
  	<dlentry>
  		<dt>Policy</dt>
  		<dd>Policy refers to a formal statement with respect to the issuing of permissions. Policies can be assigned to either users or groups. Once a policy is assigned, the named entities receive the associated permissions to interact with the resources specified. Eucalyptus uses a JSON policy language.</dd>
  	</dlentry>
  	<dlentry>
  		<dt>Resource</dt>
  		<dd>A resource is an entity with which AWS/Eucalyptus users interact (e.g., VM images, instances, volumes, etc.). Resources have friendly names (such as TestMachine or TestVolume) as well as an ARN/ERN used to identify resources within the AWS/Eucalyptus policy language.</dd>
  	</dlentry>
  	<dlentry>
  		<dt>Users</dt>
  		<dd>Users are subsets of accounts and are added to accounts by an appropriately credentialed administrator. While the term ‘user’ typically refers to a specific person, in EIAM, a ‘user’ is defined by a specific set of credentials generated to enable access to a given account. Each set of user credentials is valid for accessing only the account for which they were created. Thus a user only has access to one account within a Eucalyptus system. If an individual person wishes to have access to more than one account within a Eucalyptus system, a separate set of credentials must be generated (in effect a new ‘user’) for each account (though the same username and password can be used for different accounts). </dd>
  	</dlentry>
  </dl>
 </conbody>
	
</concept>
