<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="security_bp_networking">
	<title>Network and Message Security</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes which networking mode is the most secure, and describes how to
		enforce message security.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>Networking Mode</title>
			<p>Managed mode is the only recommended networking mode
				for secure deployments. It provides security groups, which are
				used to control inbound traffic to instances, as well as Layer-2
				isolation between security groups. </p>
			<p>Layer-2 isolation is enforced
				using a VLAN tag per security group. This protects traffic
				within a security group from potential eavesdropping and
				hijacking by instances that belong to other security
				groups.</p>
			<p>Eucalyptus does not currently enforce Layer-2 isolation between
				instances within the same security group. <!--This protection will be
				available in the upcoming new Edge networking mode.--></p>
			<p>For more information about choosing a networking modes, see the Installation Guide.</p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Replay Detection</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus components receive and exchange messages using either Query or
				SOAP interfaces (or both). Messages received over these
				interfaces are required to have a time stamp (as defined by AWS
				specification) to prevent message replay attacks. Because
				Eucalyptus enforces strict policies when checking timestamps in
				the received messages, for the correct functioning of the cloud
				infrastructure, it is crucial to have clocks constantly
				synchronized (for example, with ntpd) on all machines hosting
				Eucalyptus components. To prevent user commands failures, it is
				also important to have clocks synchronized on the client
				machines.</p>
			<p>Following the AWS specification, all Query interface requests
				containing the Timestamp element are rejected as expired after
				15 minutes of the timestamp. Requests containing the Expires
				element expire at the time specified by the element. SOAP
				interface requests using WS-Security expire as specified by the
				WS-Security Timestamp element. </p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Endpoints</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus requires that all user requests (SOAP with WS-Security
				and Query) are signed, and that their content is properly
				hashed, to ensure integrity and non-repudiation of messages. For
				stronger security, and to ensure message confidentiality and
				server authenticity, client tools and applications should always
				use SSL/TLS protocols with server certification verification
				enabled for communications with Eucalyptus components.</p>
			<p>By default, Eucalyptus components are installed with self-signed
				certificates. For public Eucalyptus endpoints, certificates
				signed by a trusted CA provider should be installed.</p>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
