<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="security_bp_access">
  <title> Authentication and Access Control</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes best practices for Identity and Access Management and the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph>
		account.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section>
    	<title>Identity and Access Management</title>
      <p>Eucalyptus manages access control through an authentication,
        authorization, and accounting system. This system manages user
        identities, enforces access controls over resources, and provides
        reporting on resource usage as a basis for auditing and managing cloud
        activities. The user identity organizational model and the scheme of
        authorizations used to access resources are based on and compatible with
        the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) system, with some
        Eucalyptus extensions provided that support ease-of-use in a private
        cloud environment.</p>
      <p>For a general introduction to IAM in Eucalyptus, see <xref
          href="../ag/concepts_eiam.dita"/> in the Admin Guide. For information
        on using IAM quotas to enforce limits on resource usage by users and
        accounts in your Eucalyptus cloud, see the <xref
          href="../ag/access_policy_quota.dita"/> section.</p>
      <p>The <xref
          href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/IAMBestPractices.html"
          type="external" format="html">Amazon Web Services IAM Best Practices</xref> are also
        generally applicable to Eucalyptus.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>The <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> Account</title>
      <p>The <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> account is the superuser/privileged
        account in Eucalyptus. The security of your Eucalyptus cloud can be
        compromised if this account is compromised.</p>
      <p>A default password is created for the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph>
        account's <codeph>admin</codeph> user when you install Eucalyptus. Reset
        this password immediately either by going to the admin console or using
        euare-usermodloginprofile.</p>
      <p>Use this account only for tasks that cannot be done using a less
        privileged account, for examples tasks related to cloud setup,
        management and monitoring. Protect and periodically rotate the
        credentials for this account.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Credential management</title>
      <p>Only create users and credentials for the interfaces that you will
        actually use. For example, if you're only going to use an account
        through the admin console, do not create credentials for the SOAP and
        Query interfaces.</p>
      <p>Using <codeph>euca_conf --get-credentials</codeph> or downloading
        credentials through the admin console creates a new set of SOAP API
        credentials. Remove unnecessary credentials from the cloud after using
        these methods, or use <codeph>euare-useraddkey</codeph> and
          <codeph>euare-usercreatecert</codeph> instead.</p>
      <p>When rotating credentials, it is possible to deactivate existing access
        keys, secret keys, and SOAP credentials, so that requests made using
        these credentials are no longer accepted. This can be performed using
        the Admin Console, or using <codeph>euare-usermodkey</codeph> and
          <codeph>euare-usermodcert</codeph>. These credentials are stored in
        the Eucalyptus database and can be reactivated if necessary.</p>
    </section>

  </conbody>
</concept>
