<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="security_bp_instances">
	<title>Images and Instances</title>
	<shortdesc>Because all instances are based on images, creating a secure image helps to create
		secure instances. This topic lists best practices that will add additional security during image
		creation. As a general rule, harden your images similar to how you would harden your physical servers.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<ul>
			<li>Turn off password-based authentication by specifying the following
				option in <filepath>/etc/ssh/sshd_config</filepath>:
				<codeblock>PasswordAuthentication no</codeblock></li>
			<li>Encourage non-root access by providing an unprivileged user
				account. If necessary, use sudo to allow access to privileged
				commands</li>
			<li>Always delete the shell history and any other potentially sensitive information before bundling. If you attempt
				more than one bundle upload in the same image, the shell history
				contains your secret access key.</li>
			<li>Bundling a running instance requires your private key and X.509
				certificate. Put these and other credentials in a location that
				is not bundled (e.g. when using
				<codeph>euca-bundle-vol</codeph>, pass the folder location where
				the certificates are stored as part of the values for the
					<codeph>-e</codeph> option). AWS provides more in-depth
				information on <xref
					href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AESDG-chapter-sharingamis.html"
					type="external" format="html">security considerations in creating a shared
					machine image</xref>.</li>
			<li>Consider installing <xref
					href="https://cloudinit.readthedocs.org/en/latest/"
					type="external" format="html">cloud-init</xref> in the image to help
				control root and non-root access. If cloud-init isn't available,
				a custom <filepath>/etc/rc.local</filepath> script can be
				used.</li>
			<li>Consider using a tool such as <xref
					href="http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/precise/man8/zerofree.8.html"
					type="external" format="html"/>zerofree to zero-out any unused space on
				the image.</li>
			<li>Consider editing <filepath>/etc/rc.local</filepath> to clear out
				the swap every time the instance is booted. This can be done
				using the following command:
				<codeblock>sync &amp;&amp; /sbin/sysctl vm.drop_caches=3 &amp;&amp; swapoff -a &amp;&amp; swapon -a</codeblock></li>
			<li>Consider enabling <xref href="http://selinuxproject.org/page/Main_Page"
				type="external" format="html">SELinux</xref> or <xref
					href="http://wiki.apparmor.net/index.php/Main_Page"
					type="external" format="html">AppArmor</xref> for your images</li>
			<li>Disable all unused services and ports on the image.</li>
			<li>By default, all images registered have private launch
				permissions. Consider using
				<codeph>euca-modify-image-attribute</codeph> to limit the
				accounts that can access the image.</li>
		</ul>
		<p>After locking down the image using the steps above, additional steps
			can be done to further secure instances started from that image. For
			example, restrict access to the instance by allowing only trusted
			hosts or networks to access ports on your instances. You can control
			access to instances using <codeph>euca-authorize</codeph> and
				<codeph>euca-revoke</codeph>.</p>
		<p>Consider creating one security group that allows external logins and
			keep the remainder of your instances in a group that does not allow
			external logins. Review the rules in your security groups regularly,
			and ensure that you apply the principle of least privilege: only
			open up permissions as they are required. Use different security
			groups to deal with instances that have different security
			requirements.</p>

	</conbody>
</concept>
