<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_4.1.0">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The following known issues exist in Eucalyptus 4.1.0 and its dependencies. Please contact
			Eucalyptus support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<p><b>New known issues for this release:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Ensure unicode strings are used in str.format() calls to avoid HTTP
							500 errors with non-Latin characters (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-1559"
								>GUI-1559</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Non-latin characters in resource names can trigger HTTP 500 errors
								on various pages. Affected resources include snapshots, key pairs,
								security groups, scaling groups, and launch configurations".</p>
							<p>Workaround: avoid using non-Latin characters in resource names.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Non-latin characters are not validated in keypair name and triggers
							HTTP 500 (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-1524"
								>GUI-1524</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Using non-Latin characters in some object names can trigger an HTTP
								500 error.</p>
							<p>Workaround: avoid using non-Latin characters in resource names.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euare-userlistcerts --as-account XXX does not print certificates for
							this account (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-10401"
								>EUCA-10401</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Specifying the --as-account parameter with the euare-userlistcerts
								command only outputs certificates for the user who runs the command
								(euca-admin). </p>
							<p>Workaround: use the -u option instead.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Load Balancer Doesn't Register Instances from AutoScaling
								Group.(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-9419"
								>EUCA-9419</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>If an autoscaling group is created and associated to an ELB, the Load
								Balancer doesn't register the instances that are part of the
								autoscaling group..</p>
							<p>Workaround: Instances can be added to a Load Balancer by using the
									<codeph>eulb-register-instances-with-lb</codeph> command-line
								utility.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>eucanetd can not start dhcpd due to udp port binding conflict from
								dnsmasq.(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-10166"
								>EUCA-10166</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>In some instances the dhcpd process for the hypervisor's default
								network is conflicting with eucanetd's ability to run dhcpd,
								possibly due to a port conflict. This appears to be a recent change
								in dhcpd which will not allow the two servers to bind to the same
								UDP port.</p>
							<p>Suggested workaround: the default network for the hypervisor should
								be destroyed and/or the hypervisor's dnsmasq process killed. Please
								see the attached bug for an example.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>

				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		<p><b>Outstanding known issues from previous releases:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>

					<row>
						<entry>Instances with BDM don't start with direct ESXi connection (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-9724"
								>EUCA-9724</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The bfEBS instance with BDM does not work in direct ESXi connection
								configuration. The same command works correctly with connections via
								vCenter.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
