<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_features_4.1.0">
	<title>What's New?</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>New Features</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus 4.1.0 introduces the following new features.</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Feature</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Tech preview support for Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) </entry>
							<entry>This release adds limited technical preview support for Virtual Private Clouds (VPC).
								For more information, see <xref
									href="../../user-guide/vpc_intro.dita"
									>Using Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)</xref>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Support for CloudFormation</entry>
							<entry>This release adds support for CloudFormation. For more
								information, see <xref
									href="../../cloudformation/cf_overview.dita"
									>Using CloudFormation</xref>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New Management Console features</entry>
							<entry>We've added or enhanced support for image management, S3 storage management and
								account administration to the Eucalyptus Management Console. For
								more information, see <xref
									href="../../console-guide/index.dita"
									>Management Console Overview</xref>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Preliminary support for client request log tracking</entry>
							<entry>Client request log tracking makes it easier to troubleshoot issues in your cloud by
								assigning a unique identifier to each client request. This
								identifier can be traced throughout the system to help debug
								problems. <p>For more information,
									see the <xref
										href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/wiki/display/~spark/2014/12/11/Tracking+Eucalyptus+Requests"
										>Tracking Eucalyptus Requests</xref>, <xref
											href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/wiki/display/~spark/2014/12/11/Using+LogTracker+for+Troubleshooting"
											>Using LogTracker for Troubleshooting</xref>, and <xref
												href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/wiki/display/~spark/2014/12/12/Using+Rsyslog+to+Aggregate+Logs"
												>Using Rsyslog to Aggregate Logs</xref>.</p></entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Tech preview for Ceph-RBD Integration</entry>
							<entry>This version of Eucalyptus adds limited tech preview support for Ceph-RBD integration.
								This will provide block-storage services for the Eucalyptus EBS
								service, which exposes block devices to VM instances for persistent
								block-level storage. For more information, see <xref
									href="../../install-guide/configure_storage_controller.dita"
									>Configure the Storage Controller</xref>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New instance status checks</entry>
							<entry>You can now query Eucalyptus for EC2 status information. We also modified the behavior
								for instance restoration. Cloud users can now find out operational
								status information on their instances for themselves, and
								administrators have better visibility of system status. For
								more information, see the <xref
									href="../../euca2ools-guide/euca-describe-instance-status.dita"
									>euca-describe-instance-status</xref> reference topic in the Euca2ools Guide.</entry>
						</row>

					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Deprecated Features</title>
			<p>The following table lists deprecated Eucalyptus features.</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Feature</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>VMware support </entry>
							<entry>Support for VMWare features in Eucalyptus has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release.</entry>
						</row>
						
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>

	</conbody>
</concept>
