<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="managing_auth">
 <title>Managing Access</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Eucalyptus provides two mechanisms for user authentication. By default, Eucalyptus stores all the identities and policies in the local database. You can manage them just as you do with AWS IAM.</p> 
 	<p>Eucalyptus Identity Authorization and Management (EIAM) is an authentication, authorization,
 		and accounting system that manages user identities, enforces access controls over resources, and
 		provides reporting on resource usage as a basis for auditing and managing cloud activities. The
 		user identity organizational model and the scheme of authorizations used to access resources are
 		based on and compatible with the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) system, with some Eucalyptus extensions provided that support ease-of-use in a private cloud environment.</p>
 	<p>You can also perform user authentication by integrating Eucalyptus with an existing LDAP or Active Directory. In this case, the user, group and account information, and user passwords area synchronized from the external LDAP/AD server. This information cannot be changed from Eucalyptus side when LDAP/AD integration is turned on. However, other Eucalyptus-specific information about user, group and account is still stored within the local database of Eucalyptus, including certificates, secret keys and attached policies.</p>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
