<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="editing">
 <title>Editing</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Here are some thought processes and decisions for editing content<fn>from http://cybertext.wordpress.com/2011/05/20/editing-and-rewriting/</fn>:</p>
  <dl>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Determine readability and suitability for audience.</dt>
    <dd>Is the audience technical? Do they speak English as their first language? What is their
     level of education? Most times, we can't know much about the audience. So, keep the language as
     plain and simple as possible, without ‘talking down’ to the readers or patronizing them. Clear, simple, unambiguous language is good for everyone.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Match tenses.</dt>
    <dd>Watch for paragraphs that mix up past and future tenses (‘be completed’, ‘to validate’, ‘be
     used’). Aim to make all the tenses the same, whether that was past, present or future. Keep
     consistent with the organization's style guide.</dd>
     
   </dlentry>
   
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Use parallel structure. </dt>
    <dd>It’s not as apparent as in a bulleted list, but the structure of the paragraphs is made
     clear often by using parallelism. Especially with complicated ideas, make sure that subjects
     take actions on objects. This helps the reader gain clarity.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Make sense.</dt>
    <dd>Critical to the sense of a sentence or paragraph is the ‘who, what, when, where, why, and/or
     how’. Not very sentence or paragraph will have all these, but all sentences will have some of
     them. Ask 'Who is doing what?' (and perhaps ‘to whom’), and ‘Why are they doing it?’ Also ask
     ‘How is it to be done?’</dd>
   </dlentry>
   
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Pay attemtion to passive/active voice.</dt>
    <dd>Similar to the ‘use parallel structure’ above, make sure that subjects act upon objects.
     Reword all sentences in which objects are being acted upon by subjects.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Remove redundancies.</dt>
    <dd>Take out all words in a paragraph that can be removed without altering meaning. For example, ‘for each of the units within this particular are’ can be shortened to ‘for each unit within this area’ or ‘for each unit in this area’, or perhaps ‘for this area’s units’. Another: ‘as the basis of forming a portfolio of evidence of competency for this area’ can be shortened to ‘the basis of an evidence portfolio of competency in this area’, or ‘the basis of a competency evidence portfolio’, though that may be getting away from the meaning a little and I’d have to check it with the writer.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   
  </dl>
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
