<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="layout_steps">
 <title>Lay Out the Steps</title>
	<shortdesc>Procedures are instructions; they step the reader through a task from beginning to end. Each step might require some detail, such as navigation, substeps, or examples; but before you write the details, you need to sketch out the complete list of steps and verify that you have it all.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  
  <note type="important">Every procedure is based on some prerequisite knowledge. That knowledge might be rudimentary, like knowing what the ALT key is. In technical writing, it's more likely that you will set a knowledge level more like: "Familiarity with SQL commands."</note>
  
  <p>When writing a procedure that is a part of a process or life cycle, you might write some simple procedures (such as accessing a UI), which you can assume the reader has mastered for the remaining procedures in that group.</p>
  
  <p>Procedures are comprised of a list of one or more steps. Each step is written as a simple command, beginning with either a verb or a navigation point. If navigation in the UI is needed before an action, give the navigation instruction first.</p>
 </conbody>
 
</concept>
