<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="links_to_outside_tars">
	<title>Links to Targets outside the Document</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	
 	<p>We need to balance between user friendliness and ease of maintenance.</p>
 	
 	<p>If a target is another Eucalyptus file:</p>
 	<ul>
 	<li>Use the phrase go to: as in, "For information about all releases, go to the Eucalyptus
 		Enterprise Edition release notes." Link directly to the target resource.</li>
 	
 <li>	If you are referring to another document or resource multiple times in the same section:
 	<ul>
 	<li>Provide a link on the first instance.</li>
 	
 	<li>Thereafter, don't provide a link, and use the phrase "refer to": as in "refer to the previously mentioned examples in the SDKs."</li> </ul></li>
 	
 <li>	Never use "see" for an external reference. Never use "refer to" for a linked reference.</li>
 	
 <li>When referring to another guide by name, use the full name as it appears on the title page or title bar. Don't abbreviate any part of it. </li>
 	</ul>
 	<p>When the referent is a link to a different guide or resource, but still available online:</p>
 	<ul>
 		<li>Use the phrase go to: as in, "To see a complete list of our discussion forums, go to http://open.eucalyptus.com/forum"</li>
 	
 	<li>Always link to external network references like websites.
 	
 	<p>Exception: If the target is a page on the Eucalyptus website and this location is dead obvious from the context, adding the phrase "go to" isn't required.</p>
 	
 	<p>Never use "see" for an external reference.</p>
 	</li>
 	
 	<li>Use the &lt;cite&gt; element to indicate references to documents that cannot be directly linked.
 		
 		<p>These are primarily documents within a third-party website. We use this method because we have no control over the target location.</p>
 		
 		<p>Rather than create a link that can break, link to the top of the website and direct the reader to use the local navigation to find the resource.</p>
 	</li>
 		<li>There is no standard for URL references for external links; you can use complete URLs or short versions as the context demands.</li></ul> 
 </conbody>
</concept>
