<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="procedure_standards">
 <title>Procedure Standards</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
  <title>Headings Cascade for Procedural Sections</title>
  
  <p>We diverge from classic <indexterm><keyword>MSTP</keyword></indexterm> style in our headings to be more direct in identifying sections that contain a procedure:</p>
  <ul>
  <li>Using the Widget Service [major section level]</li>
  
  <li>Working with Whatsit Fields [section level]</li>
  
  <li>How to Modify a Whatsit Field [topic level]</li>
  
  <li>To modify a whatsit field [procedure heading]</li> 
  </ul>
  
  <p>The procedure heading must always precede a formal procedure. The "How To" format is a terminal heading that contains a discrete procedure. The gerund heading form indicates a container that can have multiple processes and procedures, or subsections with processes and procedures.</p>
  </section>
  
  <section>
  <title>General</title>
  <ul>
  <li>Don't present alternate methods for completing an instruction. Choose the best one for the audience and context, and use it consistently.</li>
  
 <li>Each instruction must be complete and not assume prior knowledge without adequate reference. For example, an instruction to go to a web site should be accompanied by the URL or a reference to where the URL is defined.</li>
  
  <li>Each step contains only one instruction.</li>
  
  <li>Number optional steps with the rest, but introduce them with an If-clause, such as "If you can’t see the downloaded file, use the Search button."</li>
  
  <li>Use the approved terminology for procedures from our style guide or the Yahoo Style Guide.</li>
  </ul>
  </section>
  
  <section>
  <title>Length</title>
  <ul>
  <li>An ideal procedure has no more than 5 steps. Under no circumstances should a procedure exceed 10 steps.</li>
  
  <li>Divide a lengthy procedure into 2 or more procedures or reorganize it into a shorter procedure with substeps.</li>
  
  <li>Keep steps short and simple. If a step requires an explanation, put it in a Note or Tip. </li>
  </ul>
  </section>
  
  <section>
  <title>Formatting</title>
  <ul>
  <li>Precede every procedure with a heading in the infinitive, “To XYZ...” format. The heading is in sentence case and is not punctuated.</li>
  
  <li>The first step immediately follows the heading. No comment, admonition, or description can precede the first step—place such text before the procedure heading.</li>
  
  <li>Precede each step in the list with an Arabic number.</li>
  
  <li>A single-step procedure is not numbered, but uses a bullet to mark the instruction.</li>
  
  <li>Precede each substep with a lowercase letter.</li>
  
  <li>Follow standard formatting rules for text within the procedure (e.g. labels in
   &lt;uicontrol&gt;
   and action names in &lt;apiname&gt; etc.).</li>
   
   <li>Admonitions that apply to a single step follow the instruction on a new line.</li>
   
   <li>If there is a visible result that is a direct consequence of completing an instruction, it should follow the instruction, and any admonitions, on a new line.</li>
   
   <li>Examples or screen shots related to a step follow all the descriptive text. That is, no text related to a step should follow the example.</li> 
  </ul>
  </section>
  
  <section>
   <title>Conditional Steps</title>
  <ul> 
   <li>Conditional steps are not optional, but can differ depending on the user’s needs to provide multiple or alternate options. You might have multiple options for a substep, or you might have different subprocedures depending upon a certain condition. Both can be handled with procedure boxes. See the following examples.</li>
   
   <li>Conditional steps allow you to present a series of optional actions.</li>
   
   <li>Conditional steps allow you to have different sub-procedures depending upon a certain condition.</li>
  </ul>
  </section> 
 </conbody>
</concept>
