<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="semantic_ambiguity">
	<title>Semantic Ambiguity</title>
	<shortdesc>Semantic ambiguity happens when a pivotal word has multiple meanings that work in the sentence. You avoid semantic ambiguity by replacing the polysemic word with a more specific one.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	
 	<p></p>
 	<example>
 		<title>Example #1</title>
 		<p><i>All instances based on the same image start out identical and any information on them is lost when the instances are terminated or fail.</i></p>
 		<p>Here, "on" has multiple meanings. Several prepositions in English carry heavy semantic loads that can easily lead to misreadings. The best resolution here is, first to know that certain jargon phrases are loaded and to watch for them; secondly, rewrite the content using a different and unambiguous term.</p> 
 	</example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 2</title>
 		<p><i>Origin and CallerReference may not be updated.</i></p>  
 		<p>Might not, or are not allowed to? There’s no real way to know. The word "may" has multiple meanings, which only occasionally are clear in context. Rather than double-check your sentences for a clear context, just use a more specific word in the first place.</p>
 	</example>
 
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 3</title>
 		<p><i>DateTime indicates the date and time by which the image item is expected to be available
 			for creating.</i></p> 
 		<p>By which usually means "by means of." Even though the context makes it clear, because the
 			preferred reading fits the first half of the sentence the reader has to stop, adjust the
 			semantic set and then finish the sentence. This sentence is a typical contortion intended to
 			obey the false rule that forbids Latin speakers from ending a sentence in a “preposition.” We
 			aren’t 1st millennium Romans, <i>ergo</i> we don’t have to worry about the rule.</p>
 	</example>

<example>
	<title>Example 4</title>
	<p><i>While it is possible to delete an image, you can create a
		new image.</i></p>
		<p>You create the new image during the time that it is possible to delete an old image? "While" is primarily a temporal word. Only in its 3rd and 4th meanings does it become a synonym for although and because respectively. However, because the context often doesn’t help, again, just use a more precise term</p>
</example>
 
 <example>
 	<title>Example 5</title>
 	<p><i>Some VPN devices have the ability to override the DF flag and fragment packets unconditionally as required. We recommend the use of this option as appropriate.</i></p>
 	<p>Flags are commonly considered options. So, do you use the DF flag only as
 		appropriate&#8212;depending on your VPN device, or do you use the device's ability to override the flag as appropriate? Assuming that DF flag is a defined term, the solution is to clarify which option is the referent in the second sentence.</p>
 </example>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
