<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="syntactic_ambiguity">
	<title>Syntactic Ambiguity</title>
	<shortdesc>Syntactical ambiguity happens when the structure of the sentence is contorted, or the sentence has too many parts to make correct parsing easy. Sentence reconstruction or splitting is the most common solution.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 1</title>
 		<p><i>Auto Scaling in this example is configured to scale out by 1 when the application’s average
 			CPU Utilization exceeds a threshold of 80% and scale in by 1 when it drops below 40% for 10 minutes.</i></p>
 			<p>Which of the two conditions must happen for 10 minutes&#8212;or is it both of them? To
 				resolve the ambiguity, you rewrite to put the ambiguous phase where it cannot be confused.
 				Here, we clarify both meanings: “In this example, AS is configured to scale whenever a
 				threshold is breached for 10 consecutive minutes; it scales out when&#8230;, and it scales in when&#8230;”
 				Or: “In this example, AS is configured to scale out&#8230;whenever the&#8230;exceeds the 80% threshold; it scales in when utilization drops below a 40% threshold for 10 consecutive minutes.”</p>
 	</example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 2</title>
 		<p><i>Typically, you want your application to check whether or not a request generated an error before spending any time processing results.</i></p>  
 		<p>Who or what spends the time: you or the application? This is easily resolved by changing the key
 			phrase “&#8230;before spending any time processing results&#8230;.”
 			“Before your application spends any time processing results&#8230;.”</p>
 	</example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 3</title>
 		<p><i>Streaming differs from HTTP download in that the end user doesn't use the media until it's been fully downloaded to the local system over an HTTP connection.</i></p>
 		<p>Which method doesn't use the media immediately: streaming or download? You have two clauses
 			here, but as written, it isn’t clear how to attach the dependent clause. “Streaming differs from
 			HTTP download, which doesn’t allow the user&#8230;.” “Streaming differs from HTTP download, because
 			streaming&#8230;.”</p>
 	</example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 4</title>
 		<p>(This one is from Scot's past. He cringes but offers it as a warning not to do as he does.)</p>
 		<p><i>The CreateInboundShipmentPlan operation returns the information required to make a set of shipments for a given set of items and the ship from address.</i></p>  
 		<p>Does the ship from address relate to the set of items, the set of shipments, or is it returned
 			with the information you need to create the set? Moving the highlighted text and reinstating
 			deleted syntactic details clarifies the sentence: “The&#8230;operation returns the <i>ship from</i>
 			address and the information needed&#8230;.” “The&#8230;operation returns the information needed to create both the <i>ship from</i> address and a
 			set&#8230;.”</p>
 	</example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 5</title>
 		<p>(Here's another from Scot's greatest hits.)</p>
 		<p><i>A topic is a communication channel to send messages and subscribe to notifications, providing an access point for publishers and subscribers to communicate with each other.</i></p>
 		<p>Does the subscription to the communication channel (topic) provide the access, do the
 			notifications, or is it the topic? This is a classic dangling modifier. Break the sentence to
 			correct. We have to assume here that the topic is the referent. So: “A topic is a communication
 			channel to send messages and subscribe to notifications. It provides an access point for
 			publishers and subscribers to communicate with each other."</p>
 	</example>
 	
 	<example>
 		<title>Example 6</title>
 		<p><i>Typically, however, you send them to the locale in which your customers reside for a variety of reasons, including reducing shipping costs.</i></p> 
 		<p>Customers generally do reside in different locales for a variety of reasons. Do they live where they do to reduce shipping costs?
 		The modifier is too far away from its referent. Move it: “Typically however, you send them for a variety of reasons (such as reducing shipping costs) to the locale where your customers reside.“</p>
 	</example>
 
 <example>
 	<title>Example 7</title>
 	<p><i>Item names are selected if any of the values match the predicate condition. To change this behavior, only use the every() operator to return results where every attribute matches the query expression.</i></p>
 	
 	<p>Does this mean only the every() operator should be used, or don't use the every() operator for
 		anything else? The word “only” restricts both nouns and verbs, therefore you have to make its
 		scope clear when you use it: “To change this behavior, only use the&#8230;operator when you want
 		to return results that match every attribute to&#8230;.” Or: "To change this behavior, use
 		the&#8230;operator when you only want to return results that&#8230;.”</p>
 	
 </example>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
