<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="tables">
 <title>Tables</title>
	<shortdesc>This section describes the standards and guidelines for all in-text tables.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 
 	<ul>
 	<li>Avoid putting admonitions in tables</li>
 	
 <li>Any new use of graphics in tables must be submitted for developmental edit</li>
 	
 	<li>Don't add a table without explanation or integration with the text</li>
 	
 	<li>Don't end a sentence preceding a table with a colon</li>
 	
 	<li>Don't preceed a table with a sentence fragment</li>
 	
 	<li>Don’t use table headings or captions</li>
 	
 	<li>Don’t use unusual formatting and shading</li>
 		
 		<li>Don’t use table headings or captions.</li>
 		
 		<li>Don’t use unusual formatting and shading. Use the existing DITA table elements in &lt;table&gt; and allow the style sheets to take care of formatting.</li>
 		
 		<li>Verify PDF output to ensure that columns have enough width to handle longer headings.</li>
 		
 		<li>In general, admonitions don’t belong inside tables. This is part of using writing skill to integrate the table with the body text. There are good cases for exceptions, but they are exceptions that require editorial approval.</li>
 		
 		<li>Tables shouldn’t be dropped into the body without explanation or integration with the text. Any table or graphic worthy of presenting is also worth discussing in the text. Lengthy reference tables might only need something like:
 		
 		<p>"The following table provides a list of the allowed tags and their associated attributes."</p>
 			<table>
 				<tgroup cols="2">
 					<thead>
 						<row>
 							<entry>Tag</entry>
 							<entry>Attributes</entry>
 						</row>
 					</thead>
 					<tbody>
 						<row>
 							<entry>a</entry>
 							<entry><tt>accesskey | charset | coords | href | hreflang | name | rel | rev | shape |
 								tabindex | target | type</tt></entry>
 						</row>
 					</tbody>
 				</tgroup>
 			</table>

 		<p>Other tables should be treated as an exhibit that you need to explain to the reader. That is, the table is accompanied with a verbose description of how to read it. For example:</p>
 		
 		<p>“The following table provides a list of tasks together with the command line tools and SOAP APIs you can use to accomplish them. A task might have multiple options. In these cases, the first tool or API listed is the most common and is recommended."</p>
 			
 			<table>
 				<tgroup cols="3">
 					<thead>
 						<row>
 							<entry>Task</entry>
 							<entry>Command Line Tool</entry>
 							<entry>SOAP API</entry>
 						</row>
 					</thead>
 					<tbody>
 						<row>
 							<entry>List the rules belonging to specified groups</entry>
 							<entry>ec2-describe-groups</entry>
 							<entry>DescribeSecurityGroups</entry>
 						</row>
 					</tbody>
 				</tgroup>
 			</table>
 		</li>
 	</ul>
 	<note>Don't preceed a table with a sentence fragment. Don't end a sentence preceding a table with a colon.</note>
 </conbody>
</concept>
