<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="writing_topic_lists">
 <title>Topic/Comment Lists</title>
	<shortdesc>The topic/comment list is balanced between the simple list, the verbose list, tables, glossaries, and the formal paragraph. It is comprised of a list of topic ideas (a simple list) each followed by a description (a simple or verbose list).</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
   
   <p>When to use topic/comment:</p>
  <ul>
   <li>Use the topic/comment list when you have a short, simple list that needs a brief explanation for each item.</li>
    
    <li>If you need a more than two sentences to clarify the topics, use formal paragraphs instead.</li>
    
    <li>If a topic/comment list has more than seven items, use a table or formal paragraphs instead.</li>
  </ul>
  
 <p> Formatting guidelines:</p>
  
  <ul>
   <li>Only use title with a topic/comment list when you need the list to stand out significantly from the flow.</li>
  
  <li>The topic is a brief phrase to orient the reader.</li>
  
  <li>The comment is a short explanation of the topic.</li>
  
  <li>Capitalize the first word following the em-dash in a topic/comment list.</li>
  
  <li>If you need a slightly longer discussion of the topic, put it on a separate line.</li>
  </ul>
  
  <p>Punctuation guidelines:</p>
  <ul>
  <li>Use an em-dash to separate the topic from the comment. This is a part of the coding (see the following example).</li>
  
  <li>Don't put spaces before or after the dash.</li>
  
  <li>Only use sentence punctuation if the list items are complete sentences.</li>
  </ul>
  <example>
   <title>Example Topic/Comment Coding</title>
   
   The example menu shows how to apply the &lt;b&gt; an em-dash. The description follows immediately after the dash. This example also shows how to add a second line to a list item using &lt;p&gt;.
    
    <codeblock><![CDATA[<ul> 
     <li><b>Chicken&#8212;</b>Grown in Washington
      <p>We serve only free range, Washington chicken.</p>
     </li>
     <li><b>Duck&#8212;</b>a l'orange
      <p>Our oranges are freshly imported from Spain every week.</p>
     </li>
     <li><b>Goose&#8212;</b>Stuffed with oysters
      <p>We select the finest oysters from our own Hood Canal oyster beds.</p>
     </li> 
     </ul>]]></codeblock>
   
    <p>The preceding markup gives the following output.</p>
    
   <ul> 
    <li><b>Chicken&#8212;</b>Grown in Washington
     <p class="simpara">We serve only free range, Washington chicken.</p>
    </li>
    <li><b>Duck&#8212;</b>a l'orange
     <p class="simpara">Our oranges are freshly imported from Spain every week.</p>
    </li>
    <li><b>Goose&#8212;</b>Stuffed with oysters
     <p class="simpara">We select the finest oysters from our own Hood Canal oyster beds.</p>
    </li> 
   </ul>
    
    <p>Don't overuse topic/comment lists to build constructions that a table would handle more effectively. In particular, if the list is longer than about seven items or the content is essentially a number of key product terms followed by descriptions (as in the following example), use a table.</p>
   
  </example>
  
   <example>
   <title>Example List That Should Be a Table</title>
   
   <p><i>This list should be a table because it is actually a set of parameter descriptions.</i></p>
   
   <p>The following response elements are typically used in the display of promotion information:</p>
    <ul>
   
   <li><b>BenefitDescription&#8212;</b>Describes the benefit, which is the item(s) that the customer receives as a result of the promotion.
   
   <p>This element will not be present if the item is not part of the promotional benefits.</p>
   </li>
   
     <li><b>EligibilityDescription&#8212;</b>Describes the items the customer must purchase to qualify for the promotion.
   
   <p>This element will not be present if the item does not qualify the customer to receive the promotional benefit.</p>
     </li>
   
     <li><b>TermsAndConditions&#8212;</b>Specifies the terms and conditions of the promotion.</li>
   
     <li><b>ComponentType&#8212;</b>Specifies what the promotion applies to, for example, Shipping, ItemPrice, Subtotal. </li>
   </ul>
  </example>
 </conbody>
 <related-links>
  <linkpool>
   <link href="writing_simple_lists.dita"/>
   <link href="writing_list_tables.dita"/>
   <link href="writing_topic_lists.dita"/>
  </linkpool>
 </related-links>
</concept>
