<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="writing_definition_lists">
 <title>Definition Lists</title>
	<shortdesc>Whenever the content becomes more complex, it is often better to use a definition list. Even though the content is similarly structured and parallel, the effect of a list is lost because of the length and complexity. In the following example, the definition list term titles replace the title component and the definition of the term is the content. Note that it would be cumbersome to construct a table to achieve the same effect.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  
  <example>
  <title>Example Definition List Coding</title>
  
  
  <codeblock><![CDATA[<dl>
  <dlentry>
    <dt>Topic title goes here</dt>
    <dd>Descriptive text goes here.</dd>
  </dlentry>
</dl>]]></codeblock>
  </example>
  <example>
  <title>Example Definition List in Practice</title>
  
  <p>You can get a list of parts that you have uploaded for a specific multipart upload or a list of all your in-progress multipart uploads. Each of these operations is explained in more detail in this section.</p>
  
  <dl>
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Multipart Upload Initiation</dt>
    
    <dd>When you send an initiate multipart upload request, Amazon S3 returns a response with an upload ID that is a unique identifier for your multipart upload. You must include this upload ID whenever you upload parts, complete an upload, or abort an upload. If you want to provide any metadata describing the object being uploaded, you must provide it in the multipart upload initiation request.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Parts Upload</dt>
    <dd>When uploading a part, in addition to the upload ID, you must specify a part number. You can choose any part number from 1 to 10,000. A part number uniquely identifies a part and its position within the object you are uploading. If you upload a new part using the same part number as a previously uploaded part, that previously uploaded part is overwritten. Whenever you upload a part, Amazon S3 returns an ETag header in its response. For each part upload, you must record the part number and the ETag value. You need to include these values in the subsequent complete multipart upload request.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   
   <dlentry>
    <dt>Multipart Upload Listings</dt>
    <dd>You can list the parts of a specific multipart upload or all in-progress multipart uploads. The list parts operation returns the parts information that you have uploaded for a specific multipart upload. For each list parts request, Amazon S3 returns the parts information for the specified multipart upload, up to a maximum of 1,000 parts. If more than 1,000 parts exist in the multipart upload, you must send a series of list part requests to retrieve all the parts. Note that this parts list does not include parts that haven't completed uploading.</dd>
   </dlentry>
   
  </dl>
  
  </example>
 </conbody>
 <related-links>
  <linkpool>
   <link href="writing_simple_lists.dita"/>
   <link href="writing_list_tables.dita"/>
   <link href="writing_verbose_lists.dita"/>
   <link href="writing_topic_lists.dita"/>
   <link href="writing_formal_paras.dita"/>
  </linkpool>
 </related-links>
</concept>
