<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="writing_prereqs">
 <title>Writing Prerequisites</title>
	<shortdesc>A prerequisites section sets the tone and expectations. It is extremely useful
		to help the readers decide whether it would waste their time to continue.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  
  <p>
   Too frequently technical reviewers assume the reader knows more about Eucalyptus or
   the product than we should. If there are no prereqs, you either have to
   explain a lot more about the product and the features as you go along, or
   run the risk of frustrating and losing your readers. </p><p>Before you write the introduction, ask yourself the following questions:</p>
  <ul>
   <li>What are we assuming the reader already understands
    about this topic? Are these assumptions obvious, or
    should I make them clear?</li>
   <li>Do we want the user to read something else, like a
    Getting Started, first? </li>
  </ul>
  <example>
   <title>Example Prerequisite as a Tip</title>
   <p>In many cases, you can state a prerequisite as a tip:</p>
   <note type="tip">
    We highly recommend you read through the yet-to-be-written Eucalyptus Getting Started Guide before
    using this section.
   </note>
  </example>
  <example>
   <title>Example Prerequisites as a List</title>
   <p>At other times, a simple list of prerequisites is
   sufficient:</p>
   <p>This service enables you to store and manipulate databases in the
     cloud. Explaining the basics of constructing a relational database
     are therefore beyond the scope of this documentation. We assume you
     are familiar with the following: </p>
   <ul>
    <li>Databases</li>
    <li>SQL</li>
    <li>CIDR Ranges</li>
   </ul>
   
  </example>
 </conbody>
</concept>
