<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="writing_simple_lists">
 <title>Simple Lists</title>
	<shortdesc>The simple list is usually a short series of items. This is what you use most of the time.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
   
   <p>Quick guidelines:</p>
  
  <ul>
   <li>Each list item is a single word or concept phrase.</li>
   <li>Only punctuate a simple list if the list items are complete sentences.</li>
   <li>You can include a parenthetical thought or phrase.</li>
  </ul>
  
  <note type="important">
   If a simple list is over half a page long, consider putting it into a multicolumn table. If the list exceeds an entire page in length, put it in a table.
  </note>
  
  <example>
   <title>Example Very Simple List</title>
   <p>Note that the introductory sentence ends in a colon.</p>
   
   <codeblock><![CDATA[
    <p>Following is a list of common barnyard poultry:</p>
<ul>               
<li>Chickens</li>
<li>Ducks (domestic)</li>
<li>Geese</li>
</ul>]]></codeblock>
   <p>The preceding markup gives the following output.</p>
   
   <p>Following is a list of common barnyard poultry:</p>
   <ul>
  <li> Chickens</li>
   
   <li>Ducks (domestic)</li>
   
   <li>Geese</li>
   </ul>
   <p>Following is another good example of a simple list.</p>
  </example>
  
  <example>
   <title>Example Short Phrase Simple List</title>
   <p>Each error is comprised of the following elements:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>A <b>code</b> that identifies the type of error </li>
    <li>A <b>detail</b> that might give additional details about the error </li>
    <li>A <b>message</b> that describes the error condition </li>
    <li>A <b>type</b> that identifies whether the error was from a receiver or sender </li>
   </ul>
   
  </example>
 
 </conbody>
 <related-links>
  <linkpool>
   <link href="writing_list_tables.dita"/>
   <link href="writing_verbose_lists.dita" />
  </linkpool>
 </related-links>
</concept>
