<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_4.2.0">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic lists known issues in HP Helion Eucalyptus 4.2.0 and its
		dependencies.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<p>Please contact Eucalyptus Support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<p><b>New known issues for this release:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<colspec colnum="1" colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colnum="2" colname="c2" colwidth="4.13*"/>
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Internal loadbalancer is not functional (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11324"
							>EUCA-11324</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In VPC, an internal load balancer has ELB instances that is in a private subnet without
							a public IP. That instance cannot reach ELB service to retrieve
							information on the ELB, update its status, etc., without configuring a
							NAT instance in the VPC. <p>Workaround: None at this time.</p></entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry>Non-default security group for ELB/VPC blocks ports for ELBs (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11374"
							>EUCA-11374</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In VPC, all egress ports for non-default security groups are blocked. When the
							non-default security group is used with the ELB, the ELB will not be
							functional until the required ports are opened. <p>Workaround: Use
								Euca2ools to run the following commands to authorize each of the
								egress ports (TCP:8773 (Web service), UDP:53 (DNS), and UDP:123) for
								the non-default security group:
								<codeblock>euca-authorize --egress -P tcp -p 8773 -s 0.0.0.0/0 sg-f3a511c4
euca-authorize --egress -P udp -p 53 -s 0.0.0.0/0 sg-f3a511c4
euca-authorize --egress -P udp -p 123 -s 0.0.0.0/0 sg-f3a511c4</codeblock></p></entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry>Failure to multi-delete objects by non-bucket-owning accounts (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11513"
							>EUCA-11513</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: You may be able to complete this operation by means of another S3 tool, 
							like Cloudberry Explorer, S3-curl, or S3Organizer, for example.</entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry>clcadmin-assume-system-credentials produces unusable output when eucalyptus/admin has more than one active access key (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11516"
							>EUCA-11516</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The <codeph>clcadmin-assume-system-credentials</codeph> command doesn't handle database
							queries that return more than one result properly. <p>Workaround: <ol>
									<li>Re-run the command a second time <i>outside</i> of
											<codeph>eval</codeph> after running it for the first
										time inside of <codeph>eval</codeph>. <note>Notice the
												<codeph>AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY</codeph> is followed
											by two words instead of the usual one.</note></li>
									<li>Copy that line, delete the second word, and then paste what
										remains of that line in the shell.</li>
								</ol></p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ELB access logs collection fails when logs prefix contains an uppercase letter (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11524"
							>EUCA-11524</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Uppercase characters in a path is invalid, resulting in an eror.
							<p>Workaround: Specify the prefix with lowercase characters.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Large number of volumes breaks volumes landing page (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-1925"
								>GUI-1925</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: There is a limit of 5,000 volumes and 10,000 snapshots per account. The
							filter list limit is 200 items, which is the maximum number of filter
							values specified in a single call.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Creating an account with 'admin' user entered prevents download of credentials (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2168"
							>GUI-2168</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: Do not create an Administrator account as it is created by default.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucaconsole does not always load the latest IE mode (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2171"
							>GUI-2171</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases, where console users are running Internet Explorer 11 in an intranet
							setting, IE will force the console into IE7 Compatibility mode. This
							affects the page layout, making the console more difficult to use.
								<p>Workaround #1 - Disable the automatic configuration script in
								IE11: <ol>
									<li>Go to <menucascade>
											<uicontrol>Internet Options</uicontrol>
										</menucascade> > <menucascade>
											<uicontrol>Connections</uicontrol>
										</menucascade> > <menucascade>
											<uicontrol>LAN settings</uicontrol>
										</menucascade>.</li>
									<li>De-select the checkbox for <uicontrol>Use automatic
											configuration script</uicontrol> to disable it.</li>
									<li>Exit and restart IE.</li>
									<li>Log back into the Console.</li>
								</ol></p><p>Workaround #2 - The console administrator may add a line
								to the nginx.conf file under the SSL configured server:
								<codeblock>server {
	listen 443 ssl;
	server_name ~^(?&lt;domain&gt;.+)$;
									
	# SSL configuration
	ssl_protocols TLSv1 TLSv1.1 TLSv1.2;
	ssl_certificate /Users/ashamblin/keys/server.crt;
	ssl_certificate_key /Users/ashamblin/keys/server.key;
	<b>add_header "X-UA-Compatible" "IE=Edge";</b>
	add_header Strict-Transport-Security "max-age=31536000; includeSubDomains";
	# end of SSL configuration. </codeblock></p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Console does not allow an empty prefix to be entered for ELB access logs (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2173"
							>GUI-2173</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The Prefix field is optional. However, when the field is left blank and saved, 
							the console auto-generates a prefix with uppercase characters, which is invalid, 
							resulting in an eror.
							<p>Workaround: Using all lowercase characters, enter a path in the Prefix text field 
								to specify the path within the bucket to store your log files.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ELB access logs aren't collected when the logs prefix is left blank 
							(and console auto-generates prefix) (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2174"
							>GUI-2174</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The Prefix field is optional. However, when the field is left blank and saved, 
							the console auto-generates a prefix with uppercase characters, which is invalid, 
							resulting in an eror.
							<p>Workaround: Using all lowercase characters, enter a path in the Prefix text field 
								to specify the path within the bucket to store your log files.</p></entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>

		<p><b>Outstanding known issues from previous releases:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Unable to launch EBS instance or delete volume when launched in
							different zone than created. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-10697"
								>EUCA-10697</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>See linked bug for more information.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry>Failed EMIs from CreateImage might leave behind orphaned snapshots (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11184"
							>EUCA-11184</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<ol>
								<li>Use <codeph>euca-describe-images</codeph> to see if the EMI associated with CreateImage
									has a <codeph>failed</codeph> status.<p>If any failed,
										then:</p></li>
								<li>Use <codeph>euca-describe-snapshots</codeph> to find any snapshot IDs associated with
									the failed CreateImage EMI ID.<p>The snapshot description
										includes the EMI ID and Instance ID. Note that the snapshot
										state can be <codeph>failed</codeph> or
										<codeph>completed</codeph>.</p></li>
							</ol>
							<p>Workaround: The cloud administrator and/or cloud user (with proper IAM access to the
								account's snapshots) can simply delete any orphaned snapshots.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		
	</conbody>
</concept>
