<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="access_policies">
 <title>Policy Overview</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<section>
 	<p>Eucalyptus uses the same policy language to specify user level permissions as AWS IAM. Policies
 		are written in JSON. Each policy file can contain multiple statements, each specifying a permission. Each statement has the following components:</p>
 	<ul>
 	<li><b>Effect:</b> Begins the decision that applies to all following components. Either: <codeph>“Allow”</codeph> or <codeph>“Deny”</codeph></li>
 	<li><b>Action or NotAction:</b> Indicates service-specific commands. For example: <codeph>“ec2:RunInstances”</codeph></li>
 	<li><b>Resource or NotResource:</b> Indicates selected resources, each specified as an Amazon
 		resource name (ARN). For example: <codeph>“arn:aws:s3:::acme_bucket/blob”</codeph></li>
 		<li><b>Condition:</b> Indicates additional constraints of the permission. For example: <codeph>"DateGreaterThan"</codeph></li>
 	</ul>
 	
 <p>A permission statement specifies whether to allow or deny a list of
 	actions to be performed on a list of resources, under specific conditions. The following example ,
 	contains one policy that gives a user with full permission. This is the same access as the account
 	administrator:</p>
 <codeblock>{
  "Version":"2011-04-01",
 	"Statement":[{
 	  "Sid":"1",
 	  "Effect":"Allow",
 	  "Action":"*",
 	  "Resource":"*"
 	}]
}</codeblock>
 	<p>For more information about policy language, go to the <xref
 		href="http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/PermissionsOverview.html"
 		format="html" scope="external">IAM User Guide</xref>.</p></section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
