<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="access_create_acct">
 <title>Account Creation</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Accounts can be created in two ways:</p>
 <ul>
 	
 <li>The system administrator can create the account directly, using the CLI or the Dashboard. The
 	accounts created in this method are available for accessing immediately.</li>
 <li>A user can apply for an account using the Dashboard. An email is sent to the system
 	administrator for review. The system administrator can approve or reject the application by
 	invoking a URL included in the email. A notification email will be sent to the intended account
 	owner. If the application is approved, the account owner needs to invoke the URL included in the notification email to confirm the approval. Once confirmed, the new account becomes available.</li>
 </ul>
 	
 	
<p>The account registration status can be found in Dashboard. The account registration status is
	actually associated with the account admin user. That means you can use the following command to obtain the same information:</p>
 	
 	<codeblock>euare-usergetattributes --delegate account -u admin --show-extra</codeblock>
 <p>Where the <codeph>--show-extra</codeph> option displays extra information of a user in the following order:</p>
 	<ul><li>If the user is enabled</li>
 	<li>Registration status</li>
 	<li>Password expires</li></ul>
 	
 	<p>The account registration status has the following values based on the status of registration
 		process: <codeph>REGISTERED</codeph>, <codeph>APPROVED</codeph>, or <codeph>CONFIRMED</codeph>.
 		An account that is not confirmed cannot be used or accessed. The system administrator can
 		manipulate the account registration status in both dashboard and command line:</p>
 	
 	<codeblock>euare-usermod --delegate account -u admin --reg-status=status</codeblock>
 	<p>The command line manipulation of the registration status does not send the notification emails.
 		So unless you experienced, we recommend that you use the Dashboard.</p>
 </conbody>
	<!--<related-links>
		<link></link>
	</related-links>-->
</concept>
