<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="ldap_service">
  <title>ldap-service</title>
  <shortdesc>Short reference description.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
  	<section><p>The <codeph>ldap-service</codeph> element contains everything related to the LDAP/AD service.</p></section>
    
    <properties>
    	<prophead>
    		<proptypehd>Element</proptypehd>
    		<propdeschd>Description</propdeschd>
    	</prophead>
      <property>
      	<proptype>server-url</proptype>
      	<propdesc>The LDAP/AD server URL, starting with ldap:// or ldaps://.</propdesc>
      </property>
    	<property>
    		<proptype>auth-method</proptype>
    		<propdesc>The LDAP/AD authentication method to perform synchronization.</propdesc>
    	</property>
    	<property>
    		<proptype>auth-principal</proptype>
    		<propdesc>The ID of the administrative user for synchronization.</propdesc>
    	</property>
    	<property>
    		<proptype>auth-credentials</proptype>
    		<propdesc>The credentials for LDAP/AD authentication, like a password. We recommend that you encrypt
    			this using ${EUCALYPTUS}/usr/sbin/euca-lictool.</propdesc>
    	</property>
    	<property>
    		<proptype>user-auth-method</proptype>
    		<propdesc>The LDAP/AD authentication method for normal users to perform Dashboard login.
    			<ul>
    				<li><varname>simple</varname>: for clear text user/password authentication.</li>
    				<li><varname>DIGEST-MD5</varname>: for SASL authentication using MD5</li>
    				<li><varname>GSSAPI</varname>: SASL authentication using Kerberos V5.</li>
    			</ul>
    			
    			</propdesc>
    	</property>
    	<property>
    		<proptype>use-ssl</proptype>
    		<propdesc>Specifies whether to use SSL for connecting to LDAP/AD service.</propdesc>
    	</property>
    	<property>
    		<proptype>ignore-ssl-cert-validation</proptype>
    		<propdesc>Specifies whether to ignore self-signed SSL certs. This is useful when you only have self-signed SSL certs for your LDAP/AD services.</propdesc>
    	</property>
    	<property>
    		<proptype>krb5-conf</proptype>
    		<propdesc>The file path for krb5.conf, if you use GSSAPI authentication method. </propdesc>
    	</property>
    	<property>
    		<proptype>Prop name</proptype>
    		<propdesc>Prop value</propdesc>
    	</property>
    </properties>
  </refbody>
</reference>