<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ts_imgs_win">
	<title>Windows Images</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p><draft-comment>Concept definition.</draft-comment></p>
 	<section>
 		<title>Properties</title>
 		<p>A typical size of Windows images is large and Eucalyptus has a set of properties that limit
 			the size of various storage components. The first step in troubleshooting is to make sure that the values are large enough to store your Windows images. You can modify a property using</p> 
 			<codeblock>euca-modify-property –p “PROPERTY”=”VALUE”</codeblock>
 		<p>The properties that may affect Windows images are as follows:</p>
 		<ul>
 			<li>walrus.storagemaxbucketsizeinmb: max bucket size enforced by Walrus; should be larger than a Windows image</li>
 			<li>walrus.storagemaxbucketsizeinmb: max bucket size enforced by Walrus; should be larger than a Windows image</li>
 			<li>walrus.storagemaxcachesizeinmb: total size of all images that is cached in Walrus; should be larger than the sum of all images (Windows/Linux) in Walrus</li>
 			<li>walrus.storagemaxtotalsnapshotsizeingb: if a Windows image is a type of EBS-backed EMI, this should be large enough to store all EBS backed images.</li>
 			<li>{PARTITION}.storage.maxvolumesizeingb: if a Windows image is a type of EBS-backed EMI, this should be large enough to store the image</li>
 		</ul>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Image Preparation</title>
 	<dl>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt><apiname>euca-bundle-image</apiname> hangs</dt>
 			<dd>The time to bundle an image is proportional to the image size. Because the typical size of Windows image is big, give enough time until bundling is complete. As a rule of thumb, it may take up to 20 min. for bundling a 10 GB Windows image.</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt><apiname>euca-upload-bundle</apiname> fails</dt>
 			<dd>Make sure ‘walrus.storagemaxbucketsizeinmb’ is large enough. If not, ask your administrator.</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 	</dl>
 	</section>
 	<section>
 		<title>Instance Launch and Login</title>
 		<dl>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Instance stays in pending</dt>
 				<dd>Typically, it takes longer to launch Windows images than Linux images as the delay is proportional to the image size. This can be especially long when the image is seeded on NCs the first time (images are cached in NCs and run within few seconds thereafter). As a rule of thumb, 10 GB Windows images may take up to 10 minutes to become ‘running’ when it is not cached in NCs.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Instance is running, but not accessible using Remote Desktop.</dt>
 				<dd>after instances become running, you should wait until Windows is fully booted. If the image is sysprepped, the booting time may take up to 10 min. Also you should make sure the followings are cleared:
 				<ul>
 					<li>The port 3389 is authorized in the security group</li>
 					<li>If the instance is attached to your active directory domain, the domain GPO shouldn’t block the RDP port (3389)</li>
 					<li>The username should be authorized to log-in using Remote Desktop (refer to User guide: Windows integration service)</li>
 				</ul>
 				</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Finding the login username and password</dt>
 				<dd>Use ‘Administrator’ and the password retrieved by ‘euca-get-password’. If the instance is attached to a domain, you may use your domain username and password (make sure the username is prepended with domain name, such as YOUR_DOMAIN\Alice). </dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Can’t retrieve windows password using <apiname>euca-get-password</apiname></dt>
 				<dd>Make sure the platform field of your windows EMI is set to ‘windows’, not ‘linux’ (use euca-describe-images). If not, the most likely reason is that the image name does not begin with ‘windows’. You should bundle/upload/register the image with a proper name.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Instance is not attached to an Active Directory domain</dt>
 				<dd>
 					<ul>
 						<li>Make sure the parameters set in Windows integration service are correct. One way to verify them is to log in the instance using Administrator password and manually attach the instance to the domain (System Properties -> Computer Name) using the same parameters.</li>
 						<li>Make sure ‘VNET_DNS’ in eucalyptus.conf is set to the domain controller (refer to User Guide: Configure Active Directory).</li>
 					</ul>
 				</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 		</dl>
 	</section>
 	<section>
 		<title>Disk and Volume</title>
 		<dl>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Ephemeral disks are not visible in the Windows</dt>
 				<dd>Open Disk Management console (All Programs->Administrative Tools->Server Manager->Storage) and find the uninitialized disks. You should create a partition on the disk and format it.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>EBS volume is attached, but not visible in the Windows</dt>
 				<dd>open Disk Management console (All Programs->Administrative Tools->Server Manager->Storage) and find the uninitialized disks. You should create a partition on the disk and format it. You don’t have to repeat it when the volume is reattached later.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>EBS volume is detached, but the disk drive (e.g., E:\) is still visible in the Windows</dt>
 				<dd>For KVM hypervisor, you should perform “remove hardware safely” before detaching the volume.
 					BUNDLING</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt><apiname>euca-bundle-instance</apiname> fails</dt>
 				<dd>Make sure the bucket specified with ‘-b’ option doesn’t already exist and the property ‘walrus.storagemaxbucketsizeinmb’ is large enough to store the image.
 				</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 		</dl>
 	</section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
