<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_keypairs">
    <title>Create Keypairs</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>Eucalyptus uses cryptographic keypairs to verify access to instances. Before you can run
        		an instance, you must create a keypair using the <cmdname>euca-add-keypair</cmdname> command. Creating a keypair generates two keys: a public key (saved within Eucalyptus) and a corresponding private key (output to the user as a character string). To enable this private key you must save it to a file and set appropriate access permissions (using the chmod command), as shown in the example below.</p>
        	<p>When you create a VM instance, the public key is then injected into the VM. Later, when attempting to login to the VM instance using SSH, the public key is checked against your private key to verify access. Note that the private key becomes obsolete when the public key is deleted. 
        	</p>
        	<p>To create a keypair:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>euca-add-keypair &lt;keypair_name> > &lt;keypair_name>.private</codeblock>
            		<p>where <codeph>&lt;keypair_name></codeph> is a unique name for your keypair.</p>
            	</info>
            	<stepresult>The private key is saved to your local directory.</stepresult>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Change access permissions to enable the private key in the local directory:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>chmod 0600 &lt;keypair_name>.private</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Query the system to view the public key:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca-describe-keypairs</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
