<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_keypairs">
	<title>Create Key Pairs</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Instances <indexterm>Creating Key Pairs</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context id="create_keypairs_context">
			<p>Eucalyptus uses cryptographic key pairs to verify access to instances. Key pairs are used if you want 
				to connect to your instance using SSH. Creating a key pair generates two keys: a public key (saved
				within Eucalyptus) and a corresponding private key (output to the user as a
				character string). To enable this private key you must save it to a file and set
				appropriate access permissions (using the chmod command), as shown in the example
				below.</p>
			
		</context>

	</taskbody>
	<task id="create_keypairs_console">
		<title>Create Key Pairs with the Console</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context/>
			<steps id="create_keypairs_console_steps">
				<step>
					<cmd>From the main dashboard screen, click the <uicontrol>Key Pairs</uicontrol> icon. </cmd>
					<stepresult>The <uicontrol>Key Pairs</uicontrol> page opens.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Create Key Pair</uicontrol> button. </cmd>
					<stepresult>The <uicontrol>Create new key pair</uicontrol> window opens.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Type a name for the new key pair into the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
					<info>The name may contain up to 255 alphanumeric and special characters.</info>
				</step>

				<step>
					<cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Create and Download</uicontrol> button. The private half of the key pair 
						(.pem file) is saved to the default download location for your browser. </cmd>
					<info>
						<note importance="high">Keep your private key file in a safe place. If you lose it, you will be unable to
							access instances created with the key pair.</note>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Change file permissions to enable access to the private
						key file in the local directory. For example, on a Linux
						or Mac OS X system:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>chmod 0600 &lt;keypair_name>.private</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>

	<task id="create_keypairs_command">
		<title>Create Key Pairs with the Command Line</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context/>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-create-keypair &lt;keypair_name> -f &lt;keypair_name>.private</codeblock>
						<p>where <codeph>&lt;keypair_name></codeph> is a unique
							name for your keypair. For example:</p>
						<codeblock>euca-create-keypair alice-keypair -f alice-keypair.private </codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>The private key is saved to a file in your
						local directory.</stepresult>
				</step>
				
				<step>
					<cmd>Query the system to view the public key:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-keypairs</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>The command returns output similar to the
						following:
						<codeblock>KEYPAIR alice-keypair ad:0d:fc:6a:00:a7:e7:b2:bc:67:8e:31:12:22:c1:8a:77:8c:f9:c4</codeblock>
					</stepresult>
				</step>

			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>


</task>
