<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="elb_examples_sticky_sessions">
    <title>Creating Elastic Load Balancing Sticky Sessions</title>
    <shortdesc>By default, a load balancer routes each request independently to the application
        instance with the smallest load. However, you can use the sticky session feature (also known
        as session affinity) which enables the load balancer to bind a user's session to a specific
        application instance. This ensures that all requests coming from the user during the session
        will be sent to the same application instance.</shortdesc>

    <taskbody/>
    <task id="elb_enable_duration_stickiness">
        <title>Enable Duration-Based Session Stickiness</title>
        <abstract>
            <p>The load balancer uses a special load-balancer-generated cookie to track the
                application instance for each request. When the load balancer receives a request, it
                first checks to see if this cookie is present in the request. If so, the request is
                sent to the application instance specified in the cookie. If there is no cookie, the
                load balancer chooses an application instance based on the existing load balancing
                algorithm. A cookie is inserted into the response for binding subsequent requests
                from the same user to that application instance. The stickiness policy configuration
                defines a cookie expiration, which establishes the duration of validity for each
                cookie. The cookie is automatically updated after its duration expires.</p>
            <p>In this example, you create a stickiness policy and then use it to enable sticky
                sessions for a load balancer that has load balancer-generated HTTP cookies. Before
                you get started, be sure you've created a load balancer with Elastic Load Balancing. </p>
        </abstract>

        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p> To enable duration-based sticky sessions for a load balancer:</p>
            </context>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the <codeph>eulb-create-lb-cookie-stickiness-policy</codeph> command to
                        create a load-balancer-generated cookie stickiness policy with a cookie
                        expiration period of 60 seconds.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeph>eulb-create-lb-cookie-stickiness-policy example-lb --policy-name
                            MyLoadBalancerPolicy --expiration-period 60</codeph>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>Elastic Load Balancing returns output similar to the following:</p>
                        <codeblock>OK-Creating LB Stickiness Policy</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Use the <codeph>eulb-set-lb-policies-of-listener</codeph> command to
                        enable session stickiness for a load balancer using the
                        MyLoadBalancerPolicy. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeph>eulb-set-lb-policies-of-listener example-lb --lb-port 80
                            --policy-names MyLoadBalancerPolicy</codeph>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>Elastic Load Balancing returns output similar to the following:</p>
                        <codeblock>OK-Setting Policies</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="elb_enable_session_stickiness">
        <title>Enable Application-Controlled Session Stickiness</title>
        <abstract>
            <p>The load balancer uses a special cookie to associate the session with the original
                server that handled the request, but follows the lifetime of the
                application-generated cookie corresponding to the cookie name specified in the
                policy configuration. The load balancer only inserts a new stickiness cookie if the
                application response includes a new application cookie. The load balancer stickiness
                cookie does not update with each request. If the application cookie is explicitly
                removed or expires, the session stops being sticky until a new application cookie is
                issued.</p>
            <p>If an application server fails or is removed, the load balancer will try to route the
                sticky session to another healthy application server. The load balancer will try to
                stick to new healthy application server and continue routing to currently stick
                application server even after the failed application server comes back. However, it
                is up to the new application server on how it'll respond to a request which it has
                not seen previously. </p>
            <p>In this example, you configure a load balancer for session stickiness when the life
                of the session follows that of an application-generated cookie. Before you get
                started, be sure you've created a load balancer with Elastic Load Balancing. </p>
        </abstract>
        <taskbody>
            <context>To enable application-controlled session stickiness:</context>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the <codeph>eulb-create-app-cookie-stickiness-policy</codeph> command
                        to create a load application-generated cookie stickiness policy:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeph>eulb-create-app-cookie-stickiness-policy my-load-balancer -p
                            my-app-cookie-lb-policy -c my-cookie</codeph>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>Elastic Load Balancing returns output similar to the following:</p>
                        <codeblock>OK-Creating App Stickiness Policy</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Use the <codeph>eulb-set-lb-policies-of-listener</codeph> command to
                        enable session stickiness for a load balancer using the my-load-balancer
                        policy. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeph>eulb-set-lb-policies-of-listener example-lb --lb-port 80
                            --policy-names my-app-cookie-lb-policy</codeph>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>Elastic Load Balancing returns output similar to the following:</p>
                        <codeblock>OK-Setting Policies</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result/>
            <postreq/>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

</task>
