<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_lgh_trv_qt">
    <title>Configuring Back-end Server Authentication</title>
    <shortdesc>When running a web application with HTTPS or SSL as the backend server’s protocol,
        you might want to authenticate the back-end servers using the public key of the back-end
        server’s certificate. This authentication can be used to ensure that back-end servers accept
        only encrypted communication and to ensure that the back-end servers have the correct
        certificate.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To configure back-end server authentication:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a new loadbalancer with HTTPS as backend instance’s protocol: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>eulb-create-lb -l "protocol=HTTPS,lb-port=443,instance-protocol=HTTPS,instance-port=8443,cert-id=arn:aws:iam::000550595745:server-certificate/mycert01" -z one myloadbalancer</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a new PublicKeyPolicyType policy for the load balancer. In the example
                    below, ‘server.crt’ is the file containing the public key of the backend
                    server’s certificate.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>eulb-create-lb-policy -n webservercert -t PublicKeyPolicyType -a "name=PublicKey, value=$($lt;./server.crt)" myloadbalancer</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use the <codeph>eulb-describe-lb-policies</codeph> to ensure that the policy was created. For
                    example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>eulb-describe-lb-policies -p webservercert myloadbalancer</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a new <codeph>BackendServerAuthenticationPolicyType</codeph> policy that
                    refers to the public key policy created above.</cmd>
                <info><codeblock>eulb-create-lb-policy -n webserverauthentication -t BackendServerAuthenticationPolicyType -a "name=PublicKeyPolicyName, value=webservercert" myloadbalancer</codeblock></info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Make sure the policy is created. For example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>eulb-describe-lb-policies -p webserverauthentication myloadbalancer</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Make sure the policy is attached to the intended listener. For example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>eulb-describe-lbs --show-long myloadbalancer
LOAD_BALANCER myloadbalancer
myloadbalancer-000550595745.lb.c-04.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com
{interval=30,target=TCP:8443,timeout=5,healthy-threshold=3,unhealthy-threshold=3}
one {protocol=HTTPS,lb-port=443,instance-protocol=HTTPS,instance-port=8443,cert-id=arn:aws:iam::000550595745:server-certificate/mycert01,{ELBSecurityPolicy-2015-05}}
{instance-port=8443,policies={webserverauthentication}}
{ELBSecurityPolicy-2015-05,webservercert,webserverauthentication}
{owner-alias=000936883517,group-name=euca-internal-000550595745-myloadbalancer}
2015-10-12T20:55:52.08Z
internet-facing</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>

        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
