<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="metrics_elb">
	<title>ELB Metrics and Dimensions</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>This section discusses the Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) metrics and dimensions available to CloudWatch.</p>
		<section>
			<title>Available Metrics for ELB</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Metric</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
							<entry>Unit</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>Latency</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Time elapsed after the request leaves the load balancer until it
								receives the corresponding response. <p>Valid Statistics:
										<codeph>Minimum</codeph> | <codeph>Maximum</codeph> |
										<codeph>Average</codeph> |
								<codeph>Count</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry>Seconds</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>RequestCount</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The number of requests handled by the load balancer.</entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>HealthyHostCount</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The number of healthy instances registered with the load
								balancer in a specified availability zone. Healthy instances are those that have not failed more health checks than the
								value of the unhealthy threshold. 
								<p>Constraints: You must provide both 
								<codeph>LoadBalancerName</codeph> and <codeph>AvailabilityZone</codeph> dimensions for this metric.</p>
								<p>Valid Statistics: <codeph>Minimum</codeph>
									| <codeph>Maximum</codeph> | <codeph>Average</codeph>
								</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>UnHealthyHostCount</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The number of unhealthy instances registered with the
								load balancer. These are instances that have failed more health checks than the
								value of the unhealthy threshold. 
								<p>Constraints: You must provide both 
									<codeph>LoadBalancerName</codeph> and <codeph>AvailabilityZone</codeph> dimensions for this metric.</p>
								<p>Valid Statistics: <codeph>Minimum</codeph> |
										<codeph>Maximum</codeph> | <codeph>Average</codeph>
								</p></entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>HTTPCode_ELB_4XX</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Count of HTTP response codes generated by ELB
								that are in the 4xx (client error) series. <p>Valid Statistics:
										<codeph>Sum</codeph></p>
							</entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>HTTPCode_ELB_5XX</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Count of HTTP response codes generated by ELB
								that are in the 5xx (server error) series. ELB
								can generate 5xx errors if no back-end instances are registered, no
								healthy back-end instances, or the request rate exceeds ELB's current available capacity. This response count does not
								include any responses that were generated by back-end instances.
									<p>Valid Statistics: <codeph>Sum</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>HTTPCode_Backend_2XX</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Count of HTTP response codes generated by back-end instances that
								are in the 2xx (success) series. <p>Valid Statistics:
										<codeph>Sum</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>HTTPCode_Backend_3XX</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Count of HTTP response codes generated by back-end instances that
								are in the 3xx (user action required) series. <p>Valid Statistics:
										<codeph>Sum</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>HTTPCode_Backend_4XX</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Count of HTTP response codes generated by back-end instances that
								are in the 4xx (client error) series. This response count does not
								include any responses that were generated by ELB. <p>Valid
									Statistics: <codeph>Sum</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>HTTPCode_Backend_5XX</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Count of HTTP response codes generated by back-end instances that are in the 5xx (server error) series. This response count does not include any responses that were generated by ELB.
								<p>Valid
									Statistics: <codeph>Sum</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry>Count</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Available Dimensions for ELB</title>
			<p>You can use the currently available dimensions for ELB to refine the metrics returned by a query. For example, you could use <codeph>HealthyHostCount</codeph> and dimensions <codeph>LoadBalancerName</codeph> and <codeph>AvailabilityZone</codeph> to get the average number of healthy instances behind the specified load balancer within the specified Availability Zone for a given period of time.</p>
				
				<p>You can aggregate ELB data along any of the following dimensions shown in the following table.</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Metric</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>LoadBalancerName</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Limits the metric data to instances that are connected to the specified load balancer. </entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>AvailabilityZone</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Limits the metric data to load balancers in the specified availability zone.</entry>
						</row>

					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
