<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="metrics_modify_default">
    <title>Modify Metric Polling Timing</title>
	<shortdesc>You can modify metrics timing and reporting defaults.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>When using the default CloudWatch properties, metrics reporting takes up to:<ul>
					<li>5 minutes to receive a sensor data point for an instance.</li>
					<li>5 more minutes to receive a second sensor data point for an instance.</li>
					<li>1 minute to calculate the difference between these two and send a single
						data point to CloudWatch.</li>
					<li>1 minute for CloudWatch to put the data in the database, making it available
						for a <codeph>euwatch-get-stats</codeph> call.</li>
					<li>5 minutes for <codeph>euwatch-list-metrics</codeph> info to be available in
						the database.</li>
				</ul></p>
        	<p>The sensor data point timing values can be shortened by changing variables in the
				CLC.</p>
			<note type="important">These changes will increase network traffic as polling will be done more frequently.</note>
        	<p><b>To modify metrics defaults:</b></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
				<cmd>Modify the default polling interval CLC variable to a number less than 5.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>cloud.monitor.default_poll_interval_mins</codeblock>
				</info>
				<stepresult>This is how often the CLC sends a request to the CC for sensor data.
					Default value is 5 minutes.</stepresult>
			</step>
        	<step>
				<cmd>Modify the history size CLC variable to a number less than 5.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>cloud.monitor.history_size</codeblock>
				</info>
				<stepresult>This is how many data value samples are sent in each sensor data
					request. The default value is 5. The frequency requests is either 1 minute (if
					the <codeph>cloud.monitor.default_poll_interval_mins</codeph> is 1 minute) or
					half the value of <codeph>cloud.monitor.default_poll_interval_mins</codeph> if
					that value is greater).</stepresult>
			</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>So by default, with a <codeph>cloud.monitor.default_poll_interval_mins</codeph> of 5
			minutes and <codeph>cloud.monitor.history_size</codeph> size of 5, every 5 minutes the
			CLC asks for the last 5 data points from the CC, which should be timed for every 2.5
			minutes (e.g., 2.5 minutes ago, 5 minutes ago, 7.5 minutes ago, and 10 minutes ago).
				<note>These values may be skewed a bit based on the time the CC uses.</note>
			<p>For more information, see <xref
					href="../euca2ools-guide/euca-properties.dita#eucaproperties"/>.</p></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
