<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="vpc_examples_dhcp_option">
    <title>Working with DHCP Option Sets</title>
    <shortdesc>Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) option sets are used to specify host
        configurations for instances in your VPC, including the default domain name and DNS server
        for your instances. This topic discusses DHCP option set operations.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="vpc_examples_dhcp_option_create">
        <title>Create a DHCP Option Set</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the <codeph>euca-create-dhcp-options</codeph> command to create a DHCP
                        option set. For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euca-create-dhcp-options domain-name=mydomain.com, ntp-servers=0.north-america.pool.ntp.org, 1.north-america.pool.ntp.org, 
    2.north-america.pool.ntp.org, 3.north-america.pool.ntp.org</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="vpc_examples_dhcp_option_associate">
        <title>Associate a DHCP Option Set with a VPC</title>
        <shortdesc/>

        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the <codeph>euca-associate-dhcp-options</codeph> command to associate
                        the DHCP option set with your VPC. For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euca-associate-dhcp-options -c vpc-123456789 dopt-4db27ac1</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <note>You can associate the default DHCP option set with a vpc by specifying "default" as the name of the DHCP option set.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="vpc_examples_dhcp_option_modify">
        <title>Describe DHCP Option Sets</title>
        <shortdesc/>

        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euca-describe-dhcp-options</codeblock>
                        <p>This command returns output similar to the following:</p>
                        <codeblock>DHCPOPTIONS	dopt-4db27ac1
OPTION	domain-name-servers	AmazonProvidedDNS
OPTION	domain-name	example.internal</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

    <task id="vpc_examples_dhcp_option_delete">
        <title>Delete a DHCP Option Set</title>
        <shortdesc>You can delete a DHCP option set, but only if it's not currently associated with
            a VPC. You can disassociate a DHCP option set from a VPC by assigning the default DHCP
            option set or a new DHCP option set using the
                <codeph>euca-associate-dhcp-options</codeph> command. </shortdesc>

        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the <codeph>euca-delete-dhcp-options</codeph> command to delete a DHCP
                        option set. For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euca-delete-dhcp-options dopt-4db27ac1</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

</task>
