<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="vpc_concepts_subnets_ip">
 <title>Subnets and IP Addressing </title>
 <shortdesc/>
 <conbody>
  <p>A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network that is logically isolated from other
   virtual networks in your Eucalyptus cloud. </p>
  <note>For more information about CIDR notation, see the <xref
        href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing" format="html"
        scope="external">Classless Inter-Domain Routing article</xref> on Wikipedia.</note>
  <p><b>Private IP Addresses</b></p>
  <p>When you create a VPC, you can specify the range of IP addresses for your VPC using Classless
      Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) notation. When you launch an instance (VM) in your VPC, you can
      assign a private IP address to the instance from this IP address range. If you don't
      explicitly assign a private IP address, one is assigned to the instance for you.
      <!--For more information, see XREF TO EXAMPLE TOPIC TO BE CREATED/EDITED (see wiki and DOC-1904) --></p>
   
  <p><b>Public IP Addresses</b></p>
  <p>By default, instances launched into the default subnet in your VPC receive a public IP address.
   This public IP address is assigned from a pool of public IP addresses, and is not associated with
   your account. This public IP address can't be manually added or removed from the VPC instance.
   The public IP address is mapped to the instance's private IP address using Network Address
   Translation (NAT).</p>

  <p>You can control whether or not your VPC instances get a public IP address by either
      enabling/disabling the public IP address attribute of the subnet, or by overriding the
      subnet's behavior when launching an instance into the VPC.
      <!--For more information, see XREF TO EXAMPLE TOPIC TO BE CREATED/EDITED (see wiki and DOC-1904) --></p>

  <p>If you want a persistent IP address for your VPC instance, you can use the
    <codeph>euca-allocate-address</codeph> to create an elastic IP address, and then use
    <codeph>euca-associate-address</codeph> to assign this address. </p>
  <p><b>Subnets</b></p>
  <p>Once you've created a VPC, you can create one or more subnets inside the VPC. A subnet is
      simply a logical subdivision of a network of IP addresses. Subnets can be used to enable
      tighter security, allow separate administration of the network by organization, and enable
      more efficient network traffic by containing traffic between nodes in a subnet and using route
      tables for traffic that needs to move between subnets.</p>
  <p>Note that subnets in a VPC cannot overlap; and the first four IP addresses and the last IP
   address are reserved for internal use. For example, of the 16 IP addresses of a /28 subnet, 11
   are available for instances; of the 256 IP addresses of a /24 subnet, 251 are available for
   instances. Subnets must be larger than /28 and smaller than /16.</p>
  <note>For more information about subnets, see the <xref format="html" scope="external"
    href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subnetwork">Subnetwork article</xref> on Wikipedia. </note>
 </conbody>
</concept>
