<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_rwg_lxv_bh">
 <title>Check the Current Cloud State</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The following steps can be used to discover information about the current state of the cloud:
                <ol id="ol_d4j_sxv_bh">
                <li>Ensure that cloud services are registered properly with <cmdname>euca_conf
                        --list-&lt;component></cmdname>.<ul id="ul_gmh_5xv_bh">
                        <li>
                            <p>Use <cmdname>euca_conf –-list-*</cmdname> to confirm that components
                                are registered properly.  </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Ensure that services are registered at the proper IP address. </p>
                        </li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Check <cmdname>euca-describe-services –E</cmdname> for any failures. It will
                    list IP addresses, component names, partition names, and statuses, and provides
                    you with the last known failure that caused a service transition from an
                    operational state to an error state. <note>You can filter the results by service
                        state by adding the following option: <cmdname>-F
                            &lt;ENABLED|DISABLED|NOTREADY&gt;</cmdname>. <cmdname>ENABLED</cmdname>
                        will show you what the cloud sees as ready to accept and process
                        requests.</note><note>The Node Controllers will not be displayed in the
                        output of <cmdname>euca-describe-services</cmdname>.</note></li>
                <li>Check instance resource availability:<ul id="ul_n4j_b1w_bh">
                        <li>CPU resources on Node Controllers can be checked by using
                                <cmdname>euca-describe-availability-zones verbose</cmdname>.</li>
                        <li>Public IP addresses can be checked with <cmdname>euca-describe-addresses
                                verbose</cmdname>.</li>
                        <li>Storage resources on the Node Controllers can be checked by running
                                <cmdname>df -h</cmdname> on each Node Controller in the cluster. The
                            command <cmdname>euca-describe-availability-zones verbose</cmdname> will
                            tell you whether or not the cloud has sufficient storage resources to
                            launch another instance.</li>
                        <li>Memory resources on the Node Controllers can be checked by running
                                <cmdname>cat /proc/meminfo</cmdname> on each Node Controller in the
                            cluster. The command <cmdname>euca-describe-availability-zones
                                verbose</cmdname> will tell you whether or not the cloud has
                            sufficient memory resources to launch another instance.<note>For an
                                instance to launch, there must be sufficient available CPU, RAM, and
                                disk resources on at least one Node Controller to support it.
                            </note></li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Check available disk space on the Storage Controller and Walrus using
                        <cmdname>df –h</cmdname>.</li>
                <li>To gather and view a large amount of configuration information,
                    use:<codeblock>for cmd in `ls -l /usr/bin/euca-describe-*`;  \
  do $cmd; done | less</codeblock></li>
            </ol>Ensure that NTP is enabled and time is synchronized across all Eucalyptus hosts
            using <cmdname>ps ax | grep ntpd, date</cmdname>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
