<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_mnm_djx_bh">
 <title>Volume Attachment Issues</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>The basic steps in looking for clues to troubleshoot volume attachment issues are:<ol
        id="ol_xjv_gjx_bh">
        <li> Locate the relevant Node Controller.</li>
        <li>Search the <filepath>nc.log</filepath> file for the relevant volume ID.</li>
        <li>Interrogate iSCSI targets on the SAN or Storage Controller.</li>
        <li>Ensure that <cmdname>connect_iscsi_target</cmdname> was called. </li>
      </ol>Look for errors as to why volume attachment failed. The
        <cmdname>euca-describe-nodes</cmdname> command displays the instance IDs that are running on
      each Node Controller. Once you locate the Node Controller that experienced the problem, use
      the following command to search for the volume ID that failed on that host to look for clues
      as to why it failed to
      attach:<codeblock>cat /var/log/eucalyptus/nc.log | grep &lt;volume_ID></codeblock></p>
  <p>You can also interrogate the iSCSI target on the Storage Controller using the
        <cmdname>tgtadm</cmdname> command. The <cmdname>tgtadm</cmdname> command should show a
      target/LUN connected to the Node Controller. The Storage Controller creates a target for each
      volume, and each target includes a LUN 0 controller and a LUN 1 disk, which is the size of the
      volume. In the output of the command, look for the following section beneath the Target
      number: </p>
  <codeblock>I_T nexus information:
  I_T nexus: 3
    Initiator: &lt;Node_Controller_iSCSI_initiator_IQN>
    Connection: 0
       IP Address: &lt;Node Controller IP Address></codeblock>
    <note>If you are using a supported iSCSI SAN array to create volumes, use the array management
      software to interrogate for iSCSI targets.</note>
  <p>Searching for <cmdname>connect_iscsi_target</cmdname> in the <filepath>nc.log</filepath> file
   will provide information about the device name (<filepath>/dev/sdN</filepath>) that was provided
   to the instance to access the volume. If this is located, look for any issues in attachment such
   as a lack of loop devices. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
