<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_features_3.4.0">
	<title>What's New?</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>Euca2ools 3.4.0 has the following new features.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<colspec colnum="1" colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colnum="2" colname="c2" colwidth="2.77*"/>
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Feature</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Euca2ools 3.4.0 requires newer minimum versions of <codeph>requestbuilder</codeph> and
								<codeph>six</codeph> libraries</entry>
						<entry><p>Minimum versions required:</p>
							<ul id="ul_cjc_43b_sy">
								<li>requestbuilder 0.6</li>
								<li>six 1.8</li>
							</ul>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euca-bundle-vol default configuration changes</entry>
						<entry>The default configuration for euca-bundle-vol now excludes the following directories in
							addition to those it excluded in previous releases. To customize this
							behavior, edit <filepath>/etc/euca2ools/bundle-vol/excludes</filepath>
							or use the <codeph>--no-filter</codeph> command line option.<ul
								id="ul_ntb_n3b_sy">
								<li><filepath>/run</filepath></li>
								<li><filepath>/tmp</filepath></li>
								<li><filepath>/var/cache</filepath></li>
								<li><filepath>/var/run</filepath></li>
								<li><filepath>/var/tmp</filepath></li>
							</ul></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euca-associate-address  option</entry>
						<entry>The  <codeph>--no-allow-reassociation</codeph> option explicitly
							prevents an address that is in use from being reassociated with another
							network interface.
							<!--<xref format="html" scope="external" 
										href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-nnn"
										>TOOLS-nnn</xref> (no JIRA # = pull request from community usually) --></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Support added to retrieve information about the currently active set of access
							keys</entry>
						<entry>The new euare-getcallerid command makes it possible to request the
							ARN, account number, and other relevant information about the currently
							active set of access keys.
							<!--<xref format="html" scope="external" 
										href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-nnn"
										>TOOLS-nnn</xref> (no JIRA # = pull request from community usually) --></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Support added to view CloudFormation template attributes</entry>
						<entry>It is now possible to view attributes of a CloudFormation template,
							such as its parameters, without creating a stack using the new
							euform-get-template-summary command. <xref format="html"
								scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-607"
								>TOOLS-607</xref></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euwatch-put-data updates <xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-612"
								>TOOLS-612</xref>
						</entry>
						<entry>
							<ul id="ul_m3c_k3b_sy">
								<li>now supports reporting multiple metric data in a single invocation using the -v or -s
									options multiple times. </li>
								<li>-s option now accepts arbitrary attributes for metric data,
									making it possible to report data for multiple metrics or
									timestamps in a single invocation. See the command's
									documentation for additional details. The long name for -s is
									now <codeph>--metric-datum</codeph>. Its previous name,
										<codeph>--statistic-values</codeph>, continues to function
									as it did in previous releases.</li>
							</ul>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>VPC network interface limits</entry>
						<entry>euca-describe-instance-type and euca-modify-instance-type now support VPC network
							interface limits. <xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-614"
								>TOOLS-614</xref>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euare commands update</entry>
						<entry>euare commands that output euca2ools.ini files will replicate the verify-ssl option in
							its output if that option is set. <xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-631"
								>TOOLS-631</xref></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>A failed CloudFormation rollback operation can be retried</entry>
						<entry>It is now possible to retry a failed CloudFormation rollback
							operation using the new euform-continue-rollback command. <xref
								format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-637"
								>TOOLS-637</xref></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>VPC NAT gateways can now be created and managed</entry>
						<entry>It is now possible to create and manage VPC NAT gateways using the
							new euca-create-nat-gateway, euca-delete-nat-gateway, and
							euca-describe-nat-gateway commands. <xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-640"
								>TOOLS-640</xref>
							<xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-641"
								>TOOLS-641</xref>
							<xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-642"
								>TOOLS-642</xref></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Support added for NAT gateways</entry>
						<entry>euca-create-route and euca-describe-routes now support NAT gateways.
								<xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-643"
								>TOOLS-643</xref>
							<xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-644"
								>TOOLS-644</xref></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euform-update-stack no longer requires one to supply it with a template</entry>
						<entry>When no template is specified, the CloudFormation service will reuse the existing
							template. <xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-650"
								>TOOLS-650</xref></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>New commands added to support  OpenID Connect providers' integration with Eucalyptus
							and AWS</entry>
						<entry>The following new commands add support for managing OpenID Connect
							providers' integration with Eucalyptus and AWS: <xref format="html"
								scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-653"
								>TOOLS-653</xref>
							<ul id="ul_zhv_xhb_sy">
								<li>euare-oidcprovideraddclientid</li>
								<li>euare-oidcproviderchangethumbprint</li>
								<li>euare-oidcprovidercreate</li>
								<li>euare-oidcproviderdel</li>
								<li>euare-oidcproviderdelclientid</li>
								<li>euare-oidcprovidergetattribute</li>
								<li>euare-oidcproviderlist</li>
							</ul></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euform-get-template-summary update</entry>
						<entry>For CloudFormation template parameters with restrictions on allowed
							values, euform-get-template-summary now displays these allowed values.
								<xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-660"
								>TOOLS-660</xref></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Regions added to the AWS configuration file </entry>
						<entry>The configuration file for AWS now includes the us-east-2,
							ca-central-1, ap-south-1, and ap-northeast-2 regions. <xref
								format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-661"
								>TOOLS-661</xref>
							<xref format="html" scope="external"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-670"
								>TOOLS-670</xref></entry>
					</row>
<!--					<row>
						<entry>Removed feature</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>feature</p>
						</entry>
					</row>-->
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
