<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_resolved_3.1.0">
	<title>Resolved Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>Euca2ools 3.1.1 resolves issues listed in the following table.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-447"
								>TOOLS-447</xref></entry>
						<entry>Version 0.2.2 of the requestbuilder library ships alongside euca2ools
							3.1.1, making HTTP_PROXY and HTTPS_PROXY work correctly.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-478"
								>TOOLS-478</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-bundle-instance now attempts to obtain access key IDs and secret
							keys from configuration files when they are not specified at the command
							line.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-482"
								>TOOLS-482</xref></entry>
						<entry>euare-instanceprofiledel -r/--recursive now attempts to delete any
							roles that are associated with the instance profile that is being
							deleted. If other resources, such as other instance profiles, prevent a
							role from being deleted then the command will fail. Running
							euare-roledel -r/--recursive can overcome this.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-488"
								>TOOLS-488</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-import-instance now encodes user-data correctly.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-489"
								>TOOLS-489</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-describe-instances now shows instances' architectures.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-491"
								>TOOLS-491</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-import-instance and euca-import-volume now provide more useful
							error output when bucket creation fails.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-495"
								>TOOLS-495</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-run-instances now handles user-supplied private addresses
							correctly.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-496"
								>TOOLS-496</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-describe-instances now accepts an "iam-instance-profile.arn"
							filter.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-497"
								>TOOLS-497</xref></entry>
						<entry>For consistency with euca-create-vpc, euca-create-subnet will work
							correctly when address ranges are specified positionally. The -i/--cidr
							option is still recommended and continues to work.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-498"
								>TOOLS-498</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-describe-subnets now shows subnets' address ranges.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-503"
								>TOOLS-503</xref></entry>
						<entry>For AWS compatibility, euform-create-stack's and
							euform-update-stack's -p/--parameter option now accepts more than one
							parameter with a single option by separating the parameters with
							semicolons. When it is used multiple times, the option still works as
							before. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-510"
								>TOOLS-510</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-modify-instance-attribute -t/--instance-type now works
							correctly.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-512"
								>TOOLS-512</xref></entry>
						<entry>euform-describe-stacks now lists stacks' outputs.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>NA</entry>
						<entry>euscale-create-launch-config now allows one to specify whether the
							service will associate public addresses with VPC instances created by a
							launch configuration. Use "--associate-public-ip-address true" or
							"--associate-public-ip-address false" to control this.</entry>
					</row>



					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-486"
								>TOOLS-486</xref></entry>
						<entry>euare-userdelcert and euare-userdelkey no longer require -u/--user.
							When that option is omitted they will act upon the user that the command
							is running as.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-490"
								>TOOLS-490</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-describe-instances's
							"block-device-mapping.delete-on-termination" filter now passes its
							inputs to the server using lowercase.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-494"
								>TOOLS-494</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-describe-snapshot-attribute and euca-reset-snapshot-attribute
							were missing from previous releases. This has been fixed.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-500"
								>TOOLS-500</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-describe-groups now accepts an "ip-permission.group-id"
							filter.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-501"
								>TOOLS-501</xref></entry>
						<entry>euca-authorize's -s/--cidr option now works with the --egress
							option.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-513"
								>TOOLS-513</xref></entry>
						<entry>euare-usercreatecert no longer requires -u/--user. When that option
							is omitted it will act upon the user that the command is running
							as.</entry>
					</row>


				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
