<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_resolved_3.3.0">
	<title>Resolved Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>Euca2ools 3.3.0 resolves issues listed in the following table.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<colspec
					colnum="1"
					colname="c1"
					colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec
					colnum="2"
					colname="c2"
					colwidth="5.67*"/>
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-524"
								>TOOLS-524</xref></entry>
						<entry>Add support for <codeph>eu-central-1 </codeph>region, 
							which covers AWS's new Frankfurt-based region. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-527"
							>TOOLS-527</xref></entry>
						<entry>Implement *LB-attributes for ELB. <p>The 
							<codeph>eulb-describe-load-balancer-attributes</codeph> and 
							<codeph>eulb-modify-lb-attributes</codeph> commands provide the ability 
							to inspect and modify load balancers' attributes.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-551"
							>TOOLS-551</xref></entry>
						<entry><codeph>eulb-create-policy</codeph> need to support a ton of attributes. <p>The
									<codeph>eulb-create-lb-policy</codeph> command gained a
									<codeph>-A</codeph> option that simplifies entering multiple
								attributes.</p></entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-572"
							>TOOLS-572</xref>  </entry>
						<entry>Make certificate and private key options to bundle commands optional, eliminating the
							need for the zip files to be produced by Eucalyptus's deprecated
								<codeph>euca_conf --get-credentials</codeph> command. <p>Images
								bundled without signing certificates are incompatible with
								Eucalyptus 4.1 and earlier and cannot be unbundled without cloud
								administrator assistance. Commands that bundle images no longer
								require signing certificates to run and can fetch the cloud's
								signing certificate automatically.</p><p>If the commands have been
								configured with the <codeph>bootstrap</codeph> service's endpoint
								and the cloud runs Eucalyptus <ph
									conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/> or later.
								Normal users require the
									<codeph>euserv:DescribeServiceCertificates</codeph> capability
								in their IAM policies to use this functionality. </p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-579"
							>TOOLS-579</xref>  </entry>
						<entry>Default Euca2ools localhost config doesn't contain CloudFormation URL.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/TOOLS-594"
							>TOOLS-594</xref>  </entry>
						<entry>Differences in digest zero-padding can cause euca-unbundle to fail. 
							<codeph>euca-unbundle</codeph> and <codeph>euca-download-and-unbundle</codeph> 
							mistakenly treated some non-corrupt bundles as corrupt.</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
