<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="faststart_configure_frontend">
    <title>Configure the Frontend Components</title>
    <shortdesc>In FastStart, all Eucalyptus components besides the Node Controller are called 
	the Frontend.  In a multiple system install, the Frontend lives on its own system;
	in Cloud-in-a-Box, the Frontend and the Node Controller live on the same system.
    	The Frontend is the entry point to the cloud for both administrators and users.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To configure the Frontend:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
        	<step>
            		<cmd>Boot your Frontend or Cloud-in-a-Box system, depending on your configuration.
			Log in as root at the prompt.</cmd>
           	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>You will be asked a number of configuration questions.  If you are an
			experienced user of Eucalyptus, you may enter whatever values you choose; please
			consult the administrator's guide for details on specific parameters.  <b>If you 
			are not an experienced user, we strongly recommend that you accept all default
			values.</b></cmd>
        	</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>When asked for a range of public IP addresses, enter two IP addresses with
			a dash between them (e.g.: 192.168.1.200-192.168.1.240).
			New virtual machines created by Eucalyptus will receive public IP addresses
			from within this specified range.</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>If you are configuring a standalone Frontend, you will now be asked to enter the IP 
			addresses for all of your Node Controllers.  Enter them one by one; as each Node Controller
			attaches, you will be presented with an ssh connection prompt.  Enter the root password for 
			each Node Controller.  When you're finished adding Node Controllers, press enter.  <b>Note:
			the Cloud-in-a-Box configuration does not require this step.</b></cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>You will now be asked whether your want to create an EMI for your cloud. Again,
			we recommend that you accept the defaults.  For details on creating EMIs, please
			consult the administrator's guide.</cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
			<cmd>Finally, you will be asked if you want to install a graphical user interface
			on this system.  The default choice is no.  Experienced Linux users who would like
			to test the Eucalyptus web interface on this system may want to choose "yes" here 
			instead; otherwise, users will need to connect from a separate system.</cmd>
		</step>
	</steps>
    	<result>The installation is now complete.  If you need to configure your frontend again, you may do
	so at any time by running the command <b>eucalyptus-frontend-config.sh</b> as root.</result>
    	<postreq>
    		<note type="tip">Normally, you would download a credentials file and use it to configure the
    		client tools. As part of the FastStart process, credentials are downloaded and pre-installed 
		for you. To get these credentials, copy <filepath>/root/credentials.zip</filepath> from the Frontend 
		server.</note>
    	</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
