<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="fasstart_install_node">
    <title>Install the Node Controller</title>
	<shortdesc>The Eucalyptus Node Controller controls virtual machine activities, including the
		running, verification, and termination of virtual machine instances. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To install the Node Controller:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>On the machine you plan to use as the Node Controller, mount the Eucalyptus FastStart media
            		and run <filepath>fastinstall.sh</filepath>. For example, if you copied FastStart
            		to a USB drive, you could use the following command:</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>mkdir /media/usb; mount -t vfat /dev/sdb1 /media/usb; cd /media/usb; ./fastinstall.sh</codeblock>
	                <note type="tip">In this example, we assume that the Fast Start media appears as <cmdname>/dev/sdb1</cmdname>. Please replace with the actual device name (check the output of <cmdname>dmesg</cmdname>).</note>
            	</info>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt for the Frontend server, enter <userinput>n</userinput>.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>Will this be the front-end server in your cloud? [Y|n]n</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt to check for a network connection, enter <userinput>Y</userinput>.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>A network connection is recommended to download any extra packages and to
        				configure ntp.
Is it OK to check that connection now? [Y|n]Y</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>FastStart updates needed OS packages, and installs and configures the Node.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>At the prompt enter the name of machine's ethernet device. The default is
        			<userinput>em1</userinput>.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>We need to confirm the name of the ethernet device. Often, it's em1 or eth0.
Ethernet interface [em1]:</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>FastStart configures the name and then reboots the machine.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="faststart_install_frontend.dita">install the FastStart Frontend</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
