<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="adding_images">
 <title>Add an Image</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<!--<draft-comment>Think about reworking to Creating Your Own Machine Image, with sections about from
 		existing, from EC2, and from scratch.</draft-comment>-->
 	<p>An image is the basis for instances that you spin up for your computing needs. If you have
 		access to images that meet
 		your needs, you can skip this section. This section explains how to add an image to your
 		Eucalyptus cloud that is customized for your needs.</p>
 	<p>There are a few ways you can add an image to Eucalyptus:</p>
 	<ul>
 		<li>Add an image based on an existing image. If you have an image already, read the rest of this
 			section.</li>
 	<!--	<li>Add an image from Amazon EC2.</li>-->
 		<li>Add an image that you modify from an existing image. If you have an image that you want to
 			modify, see <xref href="image_modify.dita"/>.</li>
 		<li>Add an image that you create from scratch. If you want to create an image from scratch, see
 			<xref href="creating_images.dita"/>.</li>
 		
 	</ul>
 	
 	<p>Each of these three ways has a different first step, but the way you get image to Eucalyptus is
 	the same. To enable an image as an executable entity, you do the following:</p>
 	<ol>
 		<li>Bundle a root disk image and kernel/ramdisk pair</li>
 		<li>Upload the bundled image to Walrus bucket storage</li>
 		<li>Register the data with Eucalyptus</li>
 	</ol>
 	
 	<note type="important">Note that while all users can bundle, upload and register images, only the administrator has the required permissions to upload and register kernels and ramdisks.</note>
 <!--	
 	<p><draft-comment>Rewrite:</draft-comment>
 		After you create a new AMI, you can keep it private so that only you can use it, or you can share it with
 		only specific AWS accounts that you specify. Another option is to make your customized AMI public so
 		that the EC2 community can use it. Building safe, secure, usable AMIs for public consumption is a
 		fairly straightforward process, if you follow a few simple guidelines. For information on how to use shared AMIs
 		and how to share AMIs, see Using Shared AMIs (p. 101) and Sharing AMIs Safely (p. 47).
 	</p>-->
 </conbody>
</concept>
