<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="configuring_multi_cluster_shared">
	<title>Configure Multi-Cluster Networking</title>
	<shortdesc>Eucalyptus supports multiple clusters within a single Eucalyptus cloud. This topic
		briefly describes how Eucalyptus manages the networking aspect of a multi-cluster
		setup.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>networking <indexterm>configuration <indexterm>multi-cluster</indexterm>
					</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>multi-cluster</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<conbody>

		<p>In Edge networking mode, Eucalyptus does not perform any special configuration for a
			multi-cluster setup. In Managed and Managed (No VLAN) modes, Eucalyptus sets up Layer 2
			Tunneling Protocol (L2TP) between your clusters. This means that virtual machines in the
			same security group, but distributed across clusters (potentially each in their own
			broadcast domain), can communicate with one another. Eucalyptus uses the VTun package to
			handle all L2TP tunnels between clusters. If VTun is installed on each of your CCs,
			multi-cluster tunneling is automatically handled by each CC.</p>

		<p>Depending on the networking mode and network topology, keep the following network
			configuration considerations in mind.</p>
		<dl>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Managed Mode:</dt>
				<dd>During normal operation, you will see many tunnel interfaces being created and destroyed
					as virtual networks are constructed and torn down.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Managed (No VLAN) Mode:</dt>
				<dd>In order for VTun tunneling to work in this mode, you must configure each CC with a
					bridge as its primary, private interface (<codeph>VNET_PRIVINTERFACE</codeph>). All
					traffic from nodes in one cluster to nodes in another cluster is routed through the CCs.
					Each cluster requires that the interface that faces the nodes for the CC (the private
					interface) be a bridge device for the nodes themselves.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Managed Mode and Managed (No VLAN) Mode:</dt>
				<dd>The CC attempts to auto-discover its list of local IP addresses upon startup, but if the
					IP that was used to register the CC is not locally available, you can override the CC's
					notion of 'self' by setting the <codeph>VNET_LOCALIP</codeph> variable in the
						<filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file. </dd>

			</dlentry>
		</dl>
		<note type="important"> Note the following: <ul>
				<li>You must set VNET_PUBLICIPS identically on all CCs in a multi-cluster
					configuration.</li>
			<li>To enable tunneling, set <codeph>DISABLE_TUNNELING=N</codeph> in <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> on both CC
				hosts.</li>
				<li>When L2TP tunneling is enabled in a multi-cluster setup, make sure that you are using
					different IP ranges for the nodes in each cluster. </li>
				<li>Do not run two CCs in the same broadcast domain with tunneling enabled, as this will
					potentially lead to a broadcast storm as tunnels start forwarding packets in a loop on
					your local network. Please disable tunneling by setting
						<codeph>DISABLE_TUNNELING=Y</codeph> in <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> on both CC
					hosts.</li>
				<li>If you are using a multi-hypervisor and multi-cluster setup (for example, KVM in one
					cluster and VMware in another cluster), you must install the
						<filepath>vmware-broker-libs</filepath> package on SCs in all clusters.</li>
			</ul>
		</note>
	</conbody>
</concept>
