<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configuring_network_modes_shared">
	<title>Configure Network Modes</title>
	<shortdesc>This section provides detailed configuration instructions for each of the three
		<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> networking modes. <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> requires network connectivity between its clients
		(end-users) and the cloud components (CC, CLC, and Walrus).</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>networking <indexterm>configuration</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	
	<taskbody>
		<context>

			<ul>
				<li>In Edge mode, most networking configuration is handled through settings in a global Cloud
					Controller (CLC) property file. For more information, see <xref
						href="../install-guide/nw_edge.dita"/>.</li>
				<li>In Managed and Managed (No VLAN) modes, traffic to instances pass through the CC. In
					these two modes clients must be able to connect to the Cluster Controller (CC).</li>
			</ul>
			
<!--			DOC-1754: TO DO: Add VPC (MidoNet) note here, if applicable. 
				If we add VPC to this section, then change the above shortdesc to 
				"… each of the FOUR Eucalyptus networking modes." 
				But actually, VPC is not a Euca netw mode, it's a Euca-compatible netw mode. -->
			
			<p>The <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file contains some network-related
				options in the “Networking Configuration” section. These options use the prefix
				VNET_. The most commonly used VNET options are described in the following table. The
				set of networking settings that apply to a cloud varies based on its networking
				mode. Each setting in this section lists the modes in which it applies. Unless
				otherwise noted, all of these settings apply only to CCs.</p>
			<p>The most commonly used VNET options are described in the following table.</p>
			<table conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#tables/vnet_options">
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry/>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	
</task>
