<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="configuring_security_groups_shared">
	<title>Set Up Security Groups</title>
	<shortdesc>In Managed and Managed (No VLAN) networking modes, you must configure
		the system with parameters that define how Eucalyptus will allocate
		and manage virtual machine networks. These virtual machine networks
		are known as security groups. The relevant parameters are set in the
		<filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> on all machines running a
		CC.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>networking <indexterm>security groups</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>configuring <indexterm>security groups</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<conbody>
		
		<p>These parameters are:</p>
		<ul>
			<li><codeph>VNET_SUBNET</codeph></li>
			<li><codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph></li>
			<li><codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph></li>
		</ul>
		<p>The CC will read <codeph>VNET_SUBNET</codeph> and
				<codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph> to construct a range of IP
			addresses that are available to all security groups. This range will
			then be further divided into smaller networks based on the size
			specified in <codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph>. Note that Eucalyptus
			reserves eleven addresses per security group, so these networks will
			be smaller than the value specified in
				<codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph>.</p>

		<p>The first time an instance runs in a given security group, Eucalyptus
			chooses an unused range of IPs of size specified in
				<codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph>. Eucalyptus then implements
			this network across all CCs. All instances that run within this
			given security group obtain a specific IP from this range.</p>

		<note type="tip">Eleven of the IP addresses within each security group
			network are reserved for Eucalyptus to use as gateway addresses,
			broadcast address, etc. For example, if you set
				<codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph> to <codeph>32</codeph>, there
			will be 21 free IPs that are available for instances running in that
			security group. </note>

		<p>In Managed mode, each security group network is assigned an
			additional parameter that is used as the VLAN tag. This parameter is
			added to all virtual machine traffic running within the security
			group. By default, Eucalyptus uses VLAN tags starting at 2, going to
			a maximum of 4094. The maximum is dependent on how many security
			group networks of the size specified in
				<codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph> fit in the network defined by
				<codeph>VNET_SUBNET</codeph> and <codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph>. </p>
		<p>If your networking environment is already using VLANs for other
			reasons, Eucalyptus supports the definition of a smaller range of
			VLANs that are available to Eucalyptus. To configure Eucalyptus to
			use VLANs within a specified range: </p>

		<ol>
			<li>Choose your range (a contiguous range of VLANs between 2 and
				4095).</li>
			<li>Configure your cluster controllers with a
				VNET_SUBNET/VNET_NETMASK/VNET_ADDRSPERNET that is large enough
				to encapsulate your desired range. For example, for a VLAN range
				of 1024-2048, you could set VNET_NETMASK to 255.254.0.0 to get a
				large enough network (131072 addresses), and VNET_ADDRSPERNET to
				64, to give 2048 possible security groups.
				<p><note type="tip">The number of instances per security group can be calculated as follows:
					<sl>
						<sli>subnets (SGs) = no. hosts / addrspernet</sli>
						<sli>instances per subnet (SG) = addrspernet - 10</sli>
					</sl>
					</note></p></li>	
		<li>Configure your cloud controller to work within that range. Use
				the following commands to verify that the range is now set to be
				2-2048, a superset of the desired range.
				<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep cluster.maxnetworktag  
euca-describe-properties | grep cluster.minnetworktag</codeblock></li>
			<li> Constrict the range to be within the range that the CC can
				support as follows:
				<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p cloud.network.global_max_network_tag=&lt;max_vlan_tag>
euca-modify-property -p cloud.network.global_min_network_tag=&lt;min_vlan_tag></codeblock>
				This ensures that Eucalyptus will only use tags between 1024 and
				2048, giving you a total of 1024 security groups, one VLAN per
				security group. </li>
		</ol>
		<note type="tip"> If VMs are already running in the system using a VLAN
			tag that is outside the range specified by
			global_min_network_tag-global_max_network_tag, that network will
			continue to run until all VMs within the network are terminated and
			the system removes reference to that network. Best practice is to
			configure these values in advance of running virtual machines. </note>

	</conbody>
</concept>
