<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="console_configure_memcached">
    <title>Configure Memcached</title>
    <shortdesc>Configuring memcached is required for the eucaconsole service to use memcached on a single host. 
        The configuration provided instructs the memcached service to only accept connections from localhost. 
        If you wish to run multiple eucaconsoles on separate hosts, you should set up a common memcached instance 
        that accepts connections from those hosts.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <prereq>
                <note>
                    This procedure assumes that the Eucalyptus Management Console package is installed. 
                    For instructions on installing the packages, see the
                    <xref href="../shared/console_install_centos_rhel6.dita">Installing the Eucalyptus Management Console</xref> 
                    section.
                </note>
                <note>If there is just one Console server, we recommend co-locating memcached on that server for optimum speed. 
                    Since memcached isn't critical to the functioning of the Console, a single memcached instance would suffice.
                    If memcached were to go down, replacing it with another instance is adequate.
                </note>
            </prereq>
             
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Run the following command to install memcached:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>yum install -y memcached</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Copy Eucalyptus' default configuration file with the following command:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>cp /usr/share/doc/eucaconsole-4.1.0/memcached /etc</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Configure the service to start automatically using the following command:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>chkconfig memcached on</codeblock></info>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>Launch the service to start immediately using the following command:</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock>service memcached start</codeblock></info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    <task id="console_flush_memcached">
        
        <title>Flush Memcached in the Console</title>
        <shortdesc>Changing the ufshost (formerly clchost) could cause the image cache to not properly refresh in the
            Launch Instance and Create Launch Configuration wizards, which prevents the launching of
            instancese and creating launch configurations. Clearing (flushing) memcached in the
            Console will refresh the cache to properly resume operations. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p>To flush memcache without restarting the server:</p>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Telnet to the localhost on which the Console is running:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>telnet localhost</codeblock></info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Run the flush command:</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock>flush_all</codeblock></info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>
                <note>Alternatively, if you change the console.ini file while installing the Console,
                    you could restart memcached using the <codeph>service memcached restart</codeph> command instead.</note>
                </result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
