<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configuring_bridge_shared">
	<title>Configure Bridges</title>
	<shortdesc>For Managed (No VLAN) and EDGE modes, you must configure a Linux ethernet
		bridge on all NCs. This bridge connects your local ethernet adapter to the cluster network. Under
		normal operation, NCs will attach virtual machine instances to this bridge when the
		instances are booted. </shortdesc>

	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>networking <indexterm>configuring bridges</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>To configure a bridge on CentOS 7 or RHEL 7, you need to create a file with bridge
				configuration (for example, ifcfg-brX) and modify the file for the physical
				interface (for example, ifcfg-ethX). The following steps describe how to set up a
				bridge on both CentOS 7 and RHEL 7. We show examples for configuring bridge devices
				that either obtain IP addresses using DHCP or statically. </p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install the <codeph>bridge-utils</codeph> package.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install bridge-utils</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Go to the
						<filepath>/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts</filepath>
					directory:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>cd /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Open the network script for the device you are adding to
					the bridge and add your bridge device to it. The edited file
					should look similar to the following:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>DEVICE=eth0
# change the hardware address to match the hardware address your NIC uses
HWADDR=00:16:76:D6:C9:45
ONBOOT=yes
BRIDGE=br0
NM_CONTROLLED=no</codeblock>
					<p><note>The device name may vary. See the <xref
								href="https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-US/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux/7/html/Networking_Guide/ch-Consistent_Network_Device_Naming.html"
								format="html" scope="external">RedHat Networking Guide, Consistent
								Network Device Naming</xref>.</note></p>
				</info>
				
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Create a new network script in the
						<filepath>/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts</filepath>
					directory called <filepath>ifcfg-br0</filepath> or something
					similar. The br0 is the name of the bridge, but this can be
					anything as long as the name of the file is the same as the
						<codeph>DEVICE</codeph> parameter, and the name is
					specified correctly in the previously created physical
					interface configuration (ifcfg-ethX).</cmd>
				<info><note type="important">Choose names and use them consistently for all NCs (both the file name
							<codeph>ifcfg-br0</codeph> and the <codeph>DEVICE=br0</codeph> in the
						file).</note></info>
				<choices>
					<choice>If you are using DHCP, the configuration will look
						similar to:
						<codeblock>DEVICE=br0
TYPE=Bridge
BOOTPROTO=dhcp
ONBOOT=yes
DELAY=0</codeblock>
					</choice>
					<choice>If you are using a static IP address, the configuration will look similar to:
						<codeblock>DEVICE=br0
TYPE=Bridge
BOOTPROTO=static
IPADDR=<i>static_IP_address</i>
NETMASK=<i>netmask</i>
GATEWAY=<i>gateway</i>
ONBOOT=yes</codeblock>
					</choice>
				</choices>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>systemctl restart network.service</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
