<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="configuring_iptables_shared">
	<title>Configure the Firewall</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic provides guidelines for restricting network access and managing iptables
		rules.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>configuration <indexterm>iptables</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>Reserved Ports</title>
			<p>This section provides basic guidance on setting up a firewall around your Eucalyptus
				components. It is not intended to be exhaustive.</p>
			<p>On CLC, Walrus, SC, and VB, allow for the following jGroups traffic:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>TCP connections between CLC, user-facing services (UFS), object storage gateway (OSG),
					Walrus SC, and VB on port 8779 (or the first available port in range 8779-8849)</li>
				<li>UDP connections between CLC, UFS, OSG, Walrus, SC, and VB on port 7500</li>
				<li>Multicast connections between CLC, Walrus, SC, and VB to IP 228.7.7.3 on UDP port
					8773</li>

			</ul>
			<p>On the CLC, allow the following connections:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>TCP connections for getting user credentials using <codeph>euca_conf</codeph> on 8080. </li>
				<li>TCP connections for web services on 8773. This is used for external and internal
					communications by UFS and OSG.</li>
				<li>TCP connections from CC and Eucalyptus instances (public IPs) on port 8773 (for metadata
					service)</li>
				<li>TCP connections from Walrus, SC, and VB on port 8777</li>
				<li>TCP and UDP connections for UFS and instance connections to DNS ports on 53.</li>
			</ul>
			<p>On the CC, make sure that all firewall rules are compatible with the dynamic changes
				performed by Eucalyptus, described in the section below. Also allow the following
				connections:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>TCP connections from CLC on port 8774</li>
			</ul>
			<p>On Walrus, allow the following connections:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>TCP connections from end-users on port 8773</li>
				<li>TCP connections from SC, NC, and VB on port 8773</li>
				<li>TCP connections from CC on port 8773, if CC image proxying is enabled</li>
			</ul>
			<p>On the SC, allow the following connections:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>TCP connections from CLC, NC, and VB on TCP port 8773</li>
				<li>TCP connections from NC on TCP port 3260, if tgt (iSCSI open source target) is used for
					EBS storage</li>
			</ul>
			<p>On the VMware Broker, allow the following connections:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>TCP connections from CC on port 8773</li>
			</ul>
			<p>On the NC, allow the following connections:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>TCP connections from CC on port 8775</li>
				<li>TCP connections from other NCs on port 16514</li>
				<li>DHCP traffic forwarding to VMs</li>
				<li>Traffic forwarding to and from instances' private IP addresses</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Restricting Network Access</title>
			<p>This section provides basic guidance on setting up a firewall around your Eucalyptus
				components. It is not intended to be exhaustive. </p>
			
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Managing iptables Rules for the CC</title>
			<p>In Managed and Managed (No VLAN) modes, Eucalyptus flushes the CC's iptables rules for both
					<codeph>filter</codeph> and <codeph>nat</codeph>, then it sets the default policy for the
					<codeph>FORWARD</codeph> chain in <codeph>filter</codeph> to <codeph>DROP</codeph>. At run
				time, the CC adds and removes rules from <codeph>FORWARD</codeph> as users add and remove
				ingress rules from their active security groups. In addition, the <codeph>nat</codeph> table
				is configured to allow VMs access to the external network using IP masquerading, and
				dynamically adds/removes rules in the <codeph>nat</codeph> table as users assign and
				unassign public IPs to VMs at instance boot or run-time. </p>
			<p>If you have rules you want to apply on the CC, make the following edit on the CC before you
				start Eucalyptus or while Eucalyptus is stopped:</p>
			<codeblock>iptables-save > /etc/eucalyptus/iptables-preload</codeblock>
			<note type="caution">Performing this operation to define special iptables rules that are
				loaded when Eucalyptus starts could cause Eucalyptus VM networking to fail. We recommend
				that you only do this if you are completely sure that it will not interfere with the
				operation of Eucalyptus.</note>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
