<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_dell_equallogic_multipath_shared">
    <title>Configure Dell Equallogic Multipathing</title>

    <shortdesc>Use multipathing to provide network-and-SP-redundancy for the iSCSI data path between
        the Dell Equallogic SAN and NCs.</shortdesc>

    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <note type="important">It is <b>strongly</b> recommended that you get your system up and
                running and able to create volumes and snapshots using the Dell Equallogic SAN prior
                to configuring multipathing. Multipathing can be configured after the cloud is fully
                functional and will apply to any volumes attached/snapshotted after multipathing is
                configured. Configuring multipathing on a non-multipathed system does not require a
                restart of the SC, NC, or CLC. </note>
            <p>
                <note type="important">The Dell Equalogic SAN has separate paths for data and management.</note>
            </p>
            <p> The Dell Equallogic management interface is available for executing control
                operations only. If your Dell Equallogic SAN is configured to use the management
                port, please note the IP address of the management interface. The SC can be
                configured to use the management interface by specifying the IP address of the
                management interface using the <codeph>scpaths</codeph> property. For example: </p>
            <codeblock>euca-modify-property -p mypartition.storage.scpaths=192.168.3.1</codeblock>
            <p>The Dell Equallogic data interface is configured by specifying the IP address of the
                data interface using the <codeph>ncpaths</codeph> property. For example:</p>
            <codeblock>euca-modify-property -p mypartition.storage.ncpaths=192.168.3.1</codeblock>
            <p>To configure multipathing for a Dell Equallogic SAN:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure that the mutipathd service is running on each NC:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>mpathconf --enable</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Configure the /etc/multipath.conf file. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <note> An example configuration for the Dell Equallogic SAN is installed with
                        Eucalyptus. This file is located in
                            <codeph>/usr/share/doc/eucalyptus-3.4.1/multipath.conf.example.equallogic</codeph>
                        on each NC. </note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Start the mutipathd service: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>service multipathd start</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> If you modify the /etc/multipath.conf file, be sure to restart and reconfigure
                    multipathd: </cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Restart the multipathd service: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>service multipathd restart</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Run multipathd -k:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>multipathd -k</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the following commands at the multipathd interactive
                            prompt:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>reconfigure
quit</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check that the multipath udev rules file is installed by verifying that the
                    file <codeph>/etc/udev/rules.d/12-dm-permissions.rules</codeph> file
                    exists.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Set the ISCSI paths: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <note type="tip">The path specification format is
                            <codeph>iface0:ip0,iface1:ip1,...,ifaceN:ipN</codeph> where iface may be
                        reused (i.e. multiple iface0 entries). Also, note that ‘iface’ is optional,
                        you may just specify a comma-delimited list of IPs. Eucalyptus will detect
                        which interfaces on the SC/NC can reach each specified IP and will use the
                        first found. You must only specify the ‘iface’ value if you want precise
                        control over which interfaces access which IPs. For using a single path
                        only, just specify the IP of the iscsi data port to use on the VNX. </note>
                    <note> We recommend initially getting the system working with only one path. The
                        path values can be modified at any time to enable multipathing, so it is
                        possible to get everything working and confirm full VNX functionality before
                        attempting multipathing. To use one path, simply specify a single IP for
                        each the following steps. </note>
                </info>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>

                        <cmd>Set the NC paths. For example: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>euca-modify-property -p
                                mypartition.storage.ncpaths=iface0:127.0.0.1</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Set the SC paths. For example: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph> euca-modify-property -p
                                mypartition.storage.scpaths=iface0:127.0.0.1 </codeph>
                            <note> The NC and SC may each have different path lists, or you can
                                optionally only enable multipathing on the NCs or SC if desire.
                            </note>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If you specified an <codeph>iface</codeph> when setting the SC paths,
                            be sure to include a line in the eucalyptus.conf file of each NC in the
                            cluster that defines each <codeph>iface</codeph>. For example:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>STORAGE_INTERFACES="iface0=eth0"</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Test and verify the configuration by creating (and attaching to) a volume and
                    creating a snapshot on the partition. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If testing is successful, you can now configure multiple paths in your
                    *.storage.ncpaths and *.storage.scpaths configuration. In the following example,
                    the IP addresses for each interface correspond to the paths configured on the
                    Dell Equallogic SAN:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euca-modify-property -p mypartition.storage.ncpaths=iface0:192.168.1.1,iface1:192.168.1.2</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Verify that multipathing is working on an NC by attaching a volume to an
                    instance on that NC and running the following command: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock> multipath -ll </codeblock>
                    <p> This command should return output similar to the following: </p>
                    <codeblock>
mpathb (36006016098b0300080722f971b2ee211) dm-­‐0 DGC,VRAID 
size=1.0G features='1 queue_if_no_path' hwhandler='1 alua' wp=rw
|-­‐+-­‐ policy='round-­‐robin 0' prio=50 status=active
| `-­‐ 6:0:0:1 sdd 8:48 active ready running
`-­‐+-­‐ policy='round-­‐robin 0' prio=10 status=enabled
`-­‐ 7:0:0:1 sdf 8:80 active ready running  
                    </codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result> You have now successfully configured multipathing for your Dell Equallogic SAN
            installation. </result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
