<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN"
 "dtd/ditabase.dtd">

<dita>
 <concept id="prod" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Product-specific Entities</title>
  <conbody>
   <p>Naming convention: <userinput><varname>abb</varname></userinput> (abbreviation for product)
    followed by <userinput>l</userinput> (long version) or <userinput>s</userinput> (short version),
    followed by <userinput>t</userinput> if the reference is pre-marked with trademarks.</p>
  	<p><ph id="product">Eucalyptus</ph></p>
  	<p><ph id="product_longname">HPE Helion Eucalyptus</ph></p>  	
   <p><ph id="product_ha">Eucalyptus HA</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="product_fs">Eucalyptus FastStart</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="version">4.3</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="version_long">4.3.0</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="version_short">4.3</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="prev_version">4.2.2</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="prev_version_short">4.2</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="upgrade_option1">4.2.2</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="e2ools_version">3.3.1</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="e2ools_version_short">3.3</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="e2ools_prev_version">3.3.0</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="e2ools_prev_version_short">3.3</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="productinstallpath">EUCALYPTUS</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="productlowercase">eucalyptus</ph></p>

<!-- The e2ools_prev_version is used for downgrades. We do maintain 2 (current and minus-1) versions of euca2ools (e.g., 
  		a 3.3.x and a 3.2.x version. But we don't go back to the minus-1 docs (so it has nothing to do with the above conrefs).
-->
   <p><ph id="euca_oview">HPE Helion Eucalyptus is open source software for building Amazon Web
					Services compatible private and hybrid clouds.</ph></p>


  	<p id="get_help">The following resources can help you to learn more, connect with other
  		Eucalyptus users, or get actively involved with Eucalyptus development.
  		<ul>
  			<li>The Eucalyptus IRC channel is <xref
  				href="http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23eucalyptus"
							format="html" scope="external">#eucalyptus</xref> on Freenode. This
						channel is used for real-time communication among users and developers.
						Information on how to use the network is available from <xref
							href="https://freenode.net/" format="html" scope="external"
							>Freenode</xref>.</li>
  			<li>Subscribe to one or more of the <xref
  				href="https://github.com/eucalyptus/eucalyptus/wiki/Eucalyptus-Mailing-Lists" format="html"
  				scope="external">Eucalyptus mailing lists</xref>, which provide ways to ask questions and get
  				assistance from the community. </li>
					<li>Search for technical articles in the <xref
							href="https://support.eucalyptus.com/hc/en-us" format="html"
							scope="external">Knowledge Base</xref> to find answers to your questions
						and learn about best practices.</li>
  			<li>Check out the <xref href="http://www8.hp.com/us/en/cloud/helion-eucalyptus-support.html" format="html"
  				scope="external">Eucalyptus Support</xref> pages for more ideas.</li>
  		</ul></p>


  	<p id="comments_email">For corrections and suggestions about this document, please email us at
  		<xref href="mailto:euca-users@eucalyptus.com" scope="external" format="email"
  			>euca-users@eucalyptus.com</xref>. We look forward to your communication and thank you
  		in advance for helping us improve our documentation and our product.</p>
  	
		<p><ph id="deprecated">Managed and Managed (No VLAN) networking modes are deprecated as of Eucalyptus 4.3.</ph></p>
  	
<!--Use this to point to a generic compatibility matrix within a guide (avoid using versions IN the guide, and keeps it current across releases):
-->  	<p><ph id="compat_matrix">See the <xref
						href="../release-notes/4.3.0/4.3.0_rn_compatibility_matrix.dita#install_compatibility_matrix_43"
						>Compatibility Matrix</xref> in the <xref
						href="../release-notes/index.dita#compat">Release Notes</xref> for supported
					versions.</ph></p>
  	
<!--  	Or this for a snippet, phrase to insert into a sentence:
-->  	
<p><ph id="compat_matrix_snip">see the <xref
						href="../release-notes/4.3.0/4.3.0_rn_compatibility_matrix.dita#install_compatibility_matrix_43"
						>Compatibility Matrix</xref> in the <xref
						href="../release-notes/index.dita#index">Release Notes</xref></ph></p>

  	<!--  	Use this for the reference architecture:
--> 
  	<p><ph id="ref_architecture"><xref 
  		href="http://h20195.www2.hp.com/V2/GetDocument.aspx?docname=4AA6-2547ENW"
  		scope="external" format="pdf">Eucalyptus Reference Architecture</xref></ph></p>

<!--  	how to start euca cloud services: (moved from shared/reuse.dita, archived)
-->
  	<codeblock id="euca_start">systemctl start eucalyptus-cloud.service</codeblock>

  </conbody>
 </concept>
 <concept id="vers" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Version and Release Numbers</title>
  <conbody>

   <p><ph id="fullversionnumber">Version 4.3.0</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="shortversionnumber">4.3</ph></p>
   <p><ph id="buildversionstring">@BUILD_VERSION_STRING@</ph></p>

  </conbody>
 </concept>

	<task id="shared_task">
		<title>Shared Task</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<!--	These moved from shared_task.dita topic. btw notice this is a task inside a concept topic (or beside it I suppose). -->
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Shared task steps for Eucalyptus documentation</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				
				<step id="verify_sc">
					<cmd>Verify that the SC is listed; note that it may be in the <codeph>broken</codeph>
						state:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euserv-describe-services --filter service-type=storage</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				
				<!--			The following steps are not currently used - perhaps again, in the future.
-->						
				<step id="copy_conf">
					<note type="restriction">If you are not using HA, you can skip
						this task.</note>
					<cmd>Copy the
						<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
						file to the secondary SC machine.</cmd>
				</step>
				
				<step id="enable_san">
					<cmd>On the CLC, enable SAN
						support in Eucalyptus by entering your SAN's hostname or IP
						address, the username, and password:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.sanhost=[SAN_IP_address]
euctl [zone].storage.sanuser=[SAN_admin_user_name]
euctl [zone].storage.sanpassword=[SAN_admin_password]</codeblock>
						<p>If you have multiple management IP addresses for the SAN adapter, provide a comma-delimited
							list of IP addresses to the <codeph>[zone].storage.sanhost</codeph>
							property.</p>
					</info>
				</step>
				
				<step id="enable_san_ha">
					<cmd>On the primary CLC, enable SAN
						support in Eucalyptus by entering your SAN's hostname or IP
						address, the username, and password:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.sanhost=[SAN_IP_address]
euctl [zone].storage.sanuser=[SAN_admin_user_name]
euctl [zone].storage.sanpassword=[SAN_admin_password]</codeblock>
						<p>If you have multiple management IP addresses for the SAN adapter, provide a comma-delimited
							list of IP addresses to the <codeph>[zone].storage.sanhost</codeph>
							property.</p>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	
 <concept id="pub" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Publications</title>
  <conbody>
   <p>Naming convention: <userinput>cit<varname>ABB</varname></userinput>, where
     <userinput>cit</userinput> is the indicator that the conref is to a publication title and
     <varname>ABB</varname> is the abbreviation for the publication (say, 2-6 characters).</p>
   <p>We can't use the "correct" DITA cite tag because the IDD wrapper can't handle it.</p>
   <p><ph id="citinstall"><i>Installation Guide</i></ph></p>
   <p><ph id="citadmin"><i>Administration Guide</i></ph></p>
   <p><ph id="cituser"><i>User Guide</i></ph></p>
   <!--<p><ph id="citutilities"><i>Derby Tools and Utilities Guide</i></ph></p>
<p><ph id="citgetstart"><i>Getting Started with Derby</i></ph></p>
<p><ph id="cittuning"><i>Tuning Derby</i></ph></p>-->
  </conbody>
 </concept>
 <concept id="paths" xml:lang="en-us">
  <title>Shared Paths</title>
  <conbody>
<!--			<p>Euca downloads UPGRADE SPECIAL</p> THESE ARE THE still-on-RHEL 6 ** RHEL 6 ** UPGRADE paths
-->  	
<p><ph id="eucalyptus_download_during_upgrade"
						>http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"
						/>/rhel/6/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"
				/>-1.el6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>  	
<p><ph id="euca_nightly_download_during_upgrade"
						>http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/nightly/<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"
						/>/rhel/6/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-nightly-<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"
				/>-1.el6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
<p><ph id="euca_subscription_download_during_upgrade"
						>http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/subscription/eucalyptus-enterprise-release-<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"
				/>-1.el6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
  	
<!--			<p>Euca downloads</p> THESE ARE THE going-forward ** RHEL 7 ** paths
-->  	
<p><ph id="eucalyptus_download">http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>/rhel/7/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>-1.el7.noarch.rpm</ph></p>  	
<p><ph id="euca_nightly_download">http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/nightly/<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>/rhel/7/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-nightly-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>-1.el7.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
<p><ph id="euca_subscription_download">http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/subscription/eucalyptus-enterprise-release-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>-1.el7.noarch.rpm</ph></p>

  	<!--			<p>Euca2ools downloads UPGRADE SPECIAL</p> THESE ARE THE still-on-RHEL 6 ** RHEL 6 ** UPGRADE paths</p>
-->  
<p><ph id="euca2ools_download_during_upgrade">http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"
						/>/rhel/6/x86_64/euca2ools-release-<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"
					/>-1.el6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
<p><ph id="euca2ools_nightly_download_during_upgrade"
						>http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/nightly/<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"
						/>/rhel/6/x86_64/euca2ools-release-nightly-<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"
					/>-1.el6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
  	
  	<!--			<p>Euca2ools downloads</p>
-->  
<p><ph id="euca2ools_download">http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"/>/rhel/7/x86_64/euca2ools-release-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"/>-1.el7.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
<p><ph id="euca2ools_nightly_download">http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/nightly/<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"/>/rhel/7/x86_64/euca2ools-release-nightly-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"/>-1.el7.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
  	
<!--			<p>Euca downgrade</p>
  		NOTE THAT THIS IS BACK TO 4.2 on ** RHEL 6 ** during the 4.3.0 RELEASE 
-->			
<p><ph id="eucalyptus_downgrade">http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version_short"
						/>/rhel/6/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version_short"
					/>-1.el6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
<p><ph id="euca2ools_downgrade">http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_prev_version_short"
						/>/rhel/6/x86_64/euca2ools-release-<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_prev_version_short"
					/>-1.el6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
<p><ph id="euca_subscription_downgrade"
						>http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/subscription/eucalyptus-enterprise-release-<ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version_short"
					/>-1.el6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>  	

<!--			<p>Other downloads</p> SPECIAL INCLUDES RHEL 6 and RHEL 7 during upgrade
-->			
  	<p><ph id="epel_download_during_upgrade">http://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-6.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
  	<p><ph id="epel_download">http://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-7.noarch.rpm</ph></p>
  	
<p><ph id="emi_download"><xref href="http://emis.eucalyptus.com" format="html" scope="external">Eucalyptus Machine Image catalog</xref></ph></p>
  	
  </conbody>
 </concept>

 <concept id="lists">
  <title>Shared Lists</title>
  <conbody>
 
   <ul id="example_shared_list">
    <li><codeph>this</codeph>&#8212;is something important</li>
    <li><codeph>that</codeph>&#8212;is too</li>
    <li><codeph>the other</codeph>&#8212;is another</li>
   </ul>

  </conbody>

 </concept>
	
	<concept id="tables">
		<title>Shared Tables</title>
		<conbody>
		<table id="vnet_options">
			<tgroup cols="3">
				<colspec colname="left" colwidth="35%"/>
				<colspec colname="mid" colwidth="50%"/>
				<colspec colname="right" colwidth="15%"/>
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry colname="left">Option</entry>
						<entry colname="mid">Description</entry>
						<entry colname="right">Modes</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_ADDRESSPERNET</codeph></entry>
						
						<entry>This option controls how many VM instances can simultaneously be part of an
							individual user's security group. This option is set to a power of 2 (8, 16, 32, 64,
							etc.) but it should never be less than 8 and it cannot be larger than: (the total
							number of available IP addresses - 2). <p>This option is used with VNET_NETMASK to
								determine how the IP addresses that are available to VMs are distributed among
								security groups. VMs within a single security group can communicate directly.
								Communication between VMs within a security group and clients or VMs in other
								security groups is controlled by a set of firewall rules. For example, setting</p>
							<codeblock>VNET_NETMASK="255.255.0.0"
VNET_ADDRESSPERNET="32"</codeblock>
							<p>defines a netmask of 255.255.0.0 that uses 16 bits of the IP address to specify a
								network number. The remaining 16 bits specify valid IP addresses for that network
								meaning that 2^16 = 65536 IP addresses are assignable on the network. Setting
								<codeph>VNET_ADDRESSPERNET="32"</codeph> tells Eucalyptus that each security group
								can have at most 32 VMs in it (each VM getting its own IP address). Further, it
								stipulates that at most 2046 security groups can be active at the same time since
								65536 / 32 = 2048. Eucalyptus reserves two security groups for its own use.</p>
							<p>In addition to subnets at Layer 3, in Managed mode (only), Eucalyptus uses VLANs at Layer 2 in the
								networking stack to ensure isolation. </p>
						</entry>
						<entry>Managed, Managed (No VLAN)</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_BRIDGE</codeph></entry>
						<entry>On an NC, this is the name of the bridge interface to which instances' network
							interfaces should attach. A physical interface that can reach the CC must be attached
							to this bridge. Common setting for KVM is <codeph>br0</codeph>. </entry>
						<entry><p>Edge (on NC)</p><p>Managed (No VLAN)</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<!-- SYSTEM and STATIC modes removed per DOC-1353 -->
					<!--<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_BROADCAST, VNET_ROUTER </codeph></entry>
						<entry>The network broadcast and default gateway to supply to instances in DHCP
							responses.</entry>
						<entry>Static</entry>
					</row>-->
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_DHCPDAEMON</codeph></entry>
						<entry>The ISC DHCP executable to use. This is set to a distro-dependent value by
							packaging. The internal default is <codeph>/usr/sbin/dhcpd3</codeph>.</entry>
						<entry><p>Edge (on NC)</p>
							<p>Managed</p>
							<p>Managed (No VLAN)</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_DHCPUSER</codeph></entry>
						<entry>The user the DHCP daemon runs as on your distribution. For CentOS 7 and RHEL 7,
							this is typically <userinput>root</userinput>. <p>Default:
								<codeph>dhcpd</codeph></p></entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Managed</p>
							<p>Managed (No VLAN)</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_DNS</codeph></entry>
						<entry>The address of the DNS server to supply to instances in DHCP responses.
							<p>Example:</p>
							<codeph>VNET_DNS="173.205.188.129"</codeph></entry>
						<entry><p>Managed</p><p>Managed (No VLAN)</p></entry>
					</row>
					<!--<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_LOCALIP</codeph></entry>
						<entry>By default the CC automatically determines which IP address to use when setting
							up tunnels to other CCs. Set this to the IP address that other CCs can use to reach
							this CC if tunneling does not work.</entry>
						<entry><p>Managed</p><p>Managed (No VLAN)</p></entry>
					</row>-->
					<!-- SYSTEM and STATIC modes removed per DOC-1353 -->
					<!--<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_MACMAP</codeph></entry>
						<entry>A map of MAC addresses to IP addresses that Eucalyptus should allocate to
							instances when running in Static mode. Separate MAC addresses and IP addresses with =
							characters. Separate pairs with spaces. <p>Example:
								<codeph>VNET_MACMAP="00:01:02:03:04:05=192.168.1.1
									A1:A2:A3:A4:A5:A6=192.168.1.2"</codeph>
							</p>
						</entry>
						<entry>Static</entry>
					</row>-->
					<!--<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_MACPREFIX</codeph></entry>
						<entry>This option is used to specify a prefix for MAC addresses generated by Eucalyptus
							for VM instances. The prefix has to be in the form <codeph>HH:HH</codeph> where H is a
							hexadecimal digit. Example: <codeph>VNET_MACPREFIX="D0:D0"</codeph></entry>
						<entry>Managed, Managed (No VLAN) </entry>
					</row>-->
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_MODE</codeph></entry>
						<entry>The networking mode in which to run. The same mode must be specified on all CCs and NCs
								in your cloud. <p>Valid values: <codeph>EDGE</codeph>, <codeph>MANAGED</codeph>,
										<codeph>MANAGED-NOVLAN</codeph>, </p>
								<!-- SYSTEM and STATIC modes removed per DOC-1353 -->
								<!--<p>Default: <codeph>SYSTEM</codeph></p>--></entry>
						<entry>All</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_PRIVINTERFACE</codeph></entry>
						<entry>The name of the network interface that is on the same network as the NCs. In
							Managed and Managed (No VLAN) modes this must be a bridge for instances in different
							clusters but in the same security group to be able to reach one another with their
							private addresses. <p>Default: <codeph>eth0</codeph></p></entry>
						<entry><p>Edge (on NC)</p><p>Managed</p></entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_PUBINTERFACE</codeph></entry>
						<entry><b>On a CC</b>, this is the name of the network interface that is connected to
							the “public” network. <p><b>On an NC</b>, this is the name of the network interface
								that is connected to the same network as the CC. Depending on the hypervisor's
								configuration this may be a bridge or a physical interface that is attached to the
								bridge.</p>
							<p>Default: <codeph>eth0</codeph></p></entry>
						<entry><p>Edge (on NC)</p><p>Managed</p><p>Managed (No VLAN)</p> </entry>
					</row>
					<!--<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_PUBLICIPS</codeph></entry>
						<entry>A space-separated list of individual and/or hyphenated ranges of public IP
							addresses to assign to instances. If you do not set a value for this option, all
							instances will receive only private IP addresses. <p>Example:</p>
							<codeblock>VNET_PUBLICIPS=
"173.205.188.140-173.205.188.254"</codeblock>
							<note type="tip">To offer more public IPs, you can span subnets. However you must list each
								subnet range separately. For example: <codeph>"10.133.82.50-10.133.82.254 10.133.83.0-10.133.83.254"</codeph></note>
						</entry>
						<entry><p>Managed</p><p>Managed (No VLAN)</p>
						</entry>
					</row>-->
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>VNET_SUBNET, VNET_NETMASK</codeph></entry>
						<entry>These options control the internal private network used by instances within Eucalyptus.
							Eucalyptus assigns a distinct subnet of private IP addresses to each security group.
							This setting dictates how many addresses each of these subnets should contain. Specify
							a power of 2 between 16 and 2048. This is directly related, though not equal, to the
							number of instances that can reside in each security group. Eucalyptus reserves
							eleven addresses per security group.</entry>
						<entry>Managed, Managed (No VLAN) </entry>
					</row>
					
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
			
		</conbody>
	</concept>
</dita>
