<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_stack_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create a Stack - General</title>
    <shortdesc> This page allows you to create a CloudFormation stack. Combining resources into a stack allows you to create and delete them as a single unit. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_stack_ui_help_steps_general">
        <title>General</title>
        <shortdesc>Specify basic information about your stack in this section.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Type the name of your new stack in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                    <info>Names are unique per account and region, but may be reused once a stack is deleted.</info>
                    <info><note>If the name you enter is not valid, refer to the rules for naming that appears below the text box.</note></info>
                    
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_stack_ui_help_steps_template">
        <title>Template</title>
        <shortdesc>Specify a template to apply to your stack.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Choose among the available options for applying a template:</cmd>
                   <choices>
                       <choice>Select <uicontrol>Use sample template</uicontrol> to choose from a list of pre-made templates.</choice>
                       <choice>Select <uicontrol>Upload template</uicontrol> to browse and apply a template from your local hard drive.
                           <note>Acceptable file formats are JSON files (max size: 460,800 bytes).  
                               For more information, go to <xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/template-anatomy.html" 
                                   scope="external" format="html">Template Anatomy</xref> in the <i>AWS CloudFormation User Guide</i>.</note>
                       </choice>
                       <choice>Select <uicontrol>Use template from URL</uicontrol> to choose a template from a web address.
                           <note>The URL must point to a template (max size: 460,800 bytes) anywhere publically available that you have read 
                               permissions to, located in the same region as the stack. The maximum length of the URL itself is 1024 characters long.</note>
                       </choice>
                   </choices>
                    <stepresult>A Warning dialog opens if you are trying to use a template that was not originally designed for this cloud (for example, 
                        using an AWS template on a Eucalyptus cloud). Based on the information provided on the Warning dialog, you can either:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Expand <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> to convert unsupported parameters</li>
                            <li>Click the <uicontrol>I Understand, Use This Template</uicontrol> button and all the unsupported 
                                parameters will convert automatically</li>
                            <li>Click <uicontrol>Go back, I want to select a different
                                template</uicontrol> to discard the current template
                                selection and repeat the above steps to choose another
                                template</li>
                        </ul>
                    </stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you are trying to use an AWS template that contains services and resources that 
                        Eucalyptus does not yet support, a Warning dialog box opens.</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Click to expand <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> to view the unsupported items.</cmd>
                            <stepresult>Any remaining unsupported items will be automatically removed.</stepresult>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Once the chosen template is free of incompatible items, click <uicontrol>I Understand, Use This Template</uicontrol> 
                                to proceed.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To apply tags, proceed to the next section. Otherwise, click
                        <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to proceed to the Parameters tab.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_stack_ui_help_steps_tags" conref="console_add_edit_tags_in_place.dita#console_add_tags_ui_help_steps">
        <title>Tags</title>
  
    </task>
</task>

