<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="login_ui_help_context">
    <title>Console Login</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen allows you to log in to the Eucalyptus User Console with either your
        Eucalyptus or your Amazon Web Services account. If you've forgotten your password, don't
        have login credentials, or do not know the URL for the Eucalyptus User Console for your
        Eucalyptus account, please contact your system administrator.  </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Navigate to the Eucalyptus User Console by typing the URL of the User Console
                    into your browser's navigation bar. The URL of the Eucalyptus User Console
                    depends on how the console was installed in your cloud; see your system
                    administrator for the specific URL for your installation.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Follow the appropriate instructions below for logging into either your
                    Eucalyptus or your Amazon Web Services cloud.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
    <task id="login_ui_euca_help_steps">
        <title>Log in to the your Eucalyptus cloud</title>
        <shortdesc>This area of the login dialog allows you to log in to your Eucalyptus
            cloud.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Type your account name into the <uicontrol>Account name</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Type your user name into the <uicontrol>User name</uicontrol> text box.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Type your password into the <uicontrol>Password</uicontrol> text box.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Log in to Eucalyptus</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="login_ui_aws_help_steps">
        <title>Log in to the your Amazon Web Services cloud</title>
        <shortdesc>This area of the login dialog allows you to log in to your Amazon Web Services cloud.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <note> To obtain your AWS security credentials, go to Amazon's <xref href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential">Your Security Credentials</xref> page.</note>
                    <cmd>Enter your AWS access key ID into the <uicontrol>Access key ID</uicontrol>
                        text box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Enter your AWS secret access key into the <uicontrol>Secret access
                            key</uicontrol> text box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> If you want the console to save your AWS access key ID, select the
                            <uicontrol>Remember my keys</uicontrol> check box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Log in to AWS</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
