<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_scaling_group_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create a Scaling Group - General</title>
    <shortdesc> This page allows you to create a scaling group. An Auto Scaling group defines the
        parameters for the Eucalyptus instances that are used for scaling, as well as the minimum,
        maximum, and the desired number of instances to use for Auto Scaling your application. In
        order to create a scaling group, you must first have a launch configuration created. For
        more information on Auto Scaling, please see <i>Using Auto Scaling</i> in the <i>Eucalyptus
            User Guide</i>. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_scaling_group_ui_help_steps_general">
        <title>General</title>
        <shortdesc>This section is where you specify the basic configuration of your new auto
            scaling group.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the name of your new auto scaling group in the
                            <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> textbox.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a launch configuration from the <uicontrol>Launch
                            Configuration</uicontrol> drop-down list box. A launch configuration
                        defines the properties of the instances that are launched as part of your
                        auto scaling group.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> From the <uicontrol>VPC network</uicontrol> drop-down list box, select No VPC or specify which of your VPCs you want
                        to launch instances in this scaling group. </cmd>
                    <stepresult>If a VPC network is selected, the <uicontrol>VPC subnet(s)</uicontrol> drop-down list box displays.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a CIDR range from the <uicontrol>VPC subnet(s)</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_scaling_group_ui_help_steps_capacity">
        <title>Capacity</title>
        <shortdesc>Use the capacity values to manually scale your scaling groups.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Specify the minimum number of instances you want running in your autoscaling
                        group using the <uicontrol>Min</uicontrol> control.</cmd>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>Specify the desired number of instances you want running using the
                            <uicontrol>Desired</uicontrol> control. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Specify the maximum number of instances you want running using the
                        <uicontrol>Max</uicontrol> control. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>A termination policy defines how instances that are no longer needed in the scaling group are terminated. A default termination policy is already pre-selected but 
                        you can change the policy to a different one, or add more termination policies from the <uicontrol>Termination policies</uicontrol> text box.
                      Termination policies are executed in the order they are listed. </cmd>
                    <info>For information on termination policies, see <xref
                            href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AutoScaling/latest/DeveloperGuide/us-termination-policy.html"
                            format="html"
                            scope="external"> Configure Instance Termination Policy for Your Auto
                            Scaling Group</xref>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To apply tags, proceed to the next section. Otherwise, click
                            <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to proceed to the Membership tab.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_scaling_group_ui_help_steps_tags">
        <title>Tags</title>
        <shortdesc>A tag is a key/value pair containing data that you can attach to resources in
            your cloud. This section of the <uicontrol>Create Scaling Group</uicontrol> wizard
            allows you to define tags for your scaling group and for instances that run in your
            scaling group.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you want to apply the new tag to instances running in the scaling group,
                        select the <uicontrol>Propagate</uicontrol> check box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step
                    conref="console_add_edit_tags_in_place.dita#console_add_tags_ui_help_steps/add_tags_step1"
                    conrefend="console_add_edit_tags_in_place.dita#console_add_tags_ui_help_steps/add_tags_last_step">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>