<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="console_dashboard_navigation">
    <title>Navigate the Dashboard</title>
    <shortdesc> The dashboard is your starting point for using the Eucalyptus console. From the
        Dashboard, you can access landing pages for instances, scaling groups, storage items
        (volumes, and snapshots), IAM users and groups, and networking and security objects (key
        pairs, security groups, and IP addresses). </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="console_dashboard_basic_steps">
        <title>Basic Dashboard Navigation</title>
        <shortdesc>You can navigate to specific resource management dialogs in two ways: using the
            navigation icons at the top of the screen or clicking directly on a resource label or
            count in the Dashboard screen.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can click directly on a resource name at the top of the main console page to navigate
                        directly to a resource management screen or back to the main console screen.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can also navigate to a resource management screen by clicking directly
                        on a resource icon or count in the main dashboard window. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>
                        The dashboard shows resources in all availability zones by default. You can filter by availability zone by 
                        selecting a availability zone from the <uicontrol>Availability Zones</uicontrol> drop-down listbox at the top of the page.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="console_dashboard_instances_steps">
        <title>Instances</title>
        <shortdesc>The dashboard allows you to see how many instances
            are running and to access the <uicontrol>Instances</uicontrol> screen.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Running Instances</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Stopped
                            Instances</uicontrol> icon in the dashboard to display the <uicontrol>Manage
                            Instances</uicontrol> screen. </cmd>
                    
                </step>

                <step>
                    <cmd> You can launch a new instance by clicking the <uicontrol>Launch
                            instance</uicontrol> button at the top of the page to display the
                            <uicontrol>Launch new instance</uicontrol> screen. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="console_dashboard_scaling_groups_steps">
        <title>Scaling Groups</title>
        <shortdesc>The <uicontrol>Instances in Scaling Groups</uicontrol> icon allows you to
            access the <uicontrol>Scaling groups</uicontrol> screen.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>In Scaling Groups</uicontrol> icon to display the
                            <uicontrol>Scaling Groups</uicontrol> screen. </cmd>

                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can create a new scaling group by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                            scaling group</uicontrol> link beneath the <uicontrol>In Scaling
                            Groups</uicontrol> icon. </cmd>
                </step>



            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="console_dashboard_storage_steps">
        <title>Storage</title>
        <shortdesc>The <uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Snapshots</uicontrol> icons
            allow you to see at a glance how many storage objects are running and directly access
            the storage object management screens.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To access the <uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol> screen, click the
                            <uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol> icon.</cmd>
                    <info>You can create a new volume by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                            volume</uicontrol> link beneath the <uicontrol>Volumes</uicontrol>
                        icon.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To access the <uicontrol>Snapshots</uicontrol> screen, click the
                            <uicontrol>Snapshots</uicontrol> icon. </cmd>
                    <info>You can create a new snapshot by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                        snapshot</uicontrol> link beneath the <uicontrol>Snapshot</uicontrol>
                        icon.</info>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="console_dashboard_network_steps">
        <title>Network and Security</title>
        <shortdesc>The dashboard allows you to see at a
            glance the number of security groups, key pairs, and elastic IP addresses in your Eucalyptus
            cloud, and to navigate to management screens for each type of object.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To access the <uicontrol>Security Groups</uicontrol> screen, click
                        the <uicontrol>Security Groups</uicontrol> icon.</cmd>
                    <info>You can create a new security group by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                        security group</uicontrol> link beneath the <uicontrol>Security Groups</uicontrol>
                        icon.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To access the <uicontrol>Key Pairs</uicontrol> screen, click the
                        <uicontrol>Key Pairs</uicontrol> icon. </cmd>
                    <info>You can create a new key pair by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                        key pair</uicontrol> link beneath the <uicontrol>Key Pairs</uicontrol>
                        icon.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To access the <uicontrol>Elastic IPs</uicontrol> screen, click the
                        <uicontrol>Elastic IPs</uicontrol> icon.</cmd>
                    <info>You can create a new elastic IP address by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                        elastic IP address</uicontrol> link beneath the <uicontrol>Elastic IPs</uicontrol>
                        icon.</info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="console_dashboard_misc_steps">
        <title>Miscellaneous Console Functions</title>
        <shortdesc>Clicking on your account ID in the upper-right corner of the console window
            displays a drop-down menu showing options to change your password, get help from the
            Eucalyptus Engage web site, get information about your cloud, and log out of the
            console. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To get help from the Eucalyptus support web site, select
                            <uicontrol>Help</uicontrol> from the drop-down menu.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To change your password, select <uicontrol>Change password</uicontrol>
                        from the drop-down menu.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To show a dialog box with information about your cloud, click
                            <uicontrol>About your cloud</uicontrol> from the drop-down menu.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> To log out of the Eucalyptus console, select <uicontrol>Log
                            out</uicontrol> from the drop-down menu.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

</task>
