<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="console_create_launch_configuration">
    <title>Create Launch Configuration</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen allows you create a new launch configuration. The launch configuration
        is used to define the parameters for new instances that are launched as part of your auto
        scaling group. For more information on Auto Scaling, please see <i>Using Auto Scaling</i> in
        the <i>Eucalyptus User Guide</i>.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_launch_configuration_ui_image_steps">
        <title>Select an Image</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to select a base image to use for creating instances in
            your auto scaling group.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Refine and filter your results by typing search criteria into the
                            <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> text box or using the <uicontrol>Filter by</uicontrol> section on the left side of the page.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Type an image ID into the <uicontrol>Enter an Image ID</uicontrol> text
                        box, or select an image by clicking on the image in the list. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button to proceed to the
                            <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> panel. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_launch_configuration__ui_type_steps">
        <title>Details</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to specify the instance size for new instance in your auto
            scaling group.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd> Type the name of your launch configuration in the
                        <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select an instance size/type from the <uicontrol>Instance type</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> Information about the instance size is displayed when you click the
                            instance size link. </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button to proceed to the
                            <uicontrol>Security</uicontrol> panel. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_launch_configuration_ui_security_steps">
        <title>Specify Security</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to specify the VPC network settings, key pair and a security group that will be
            used by the new instances in your auto scaling group. NOTE: if you create a key pair or
            security group in this section, they will automatically be selected for use in your new
            instances. </shortdesc>

        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> If the launch configuration is used with a scaling group using a VPC network,
                        select how the VPC IP assignment is to be applied by selecting an option from the drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a key pair using the <uicontrol>Key name</uicontrol> drop-down list
                        box. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> You can also create a new key pair by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                            key pair</uicontrol> link. This opens the Create Key Pair dialog box. </note>
                    </info>

                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a security group using the <uicontrol>Security group</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> If you select the default security group, make sure that you've added
                            rules to the default security group so that you can access your
                            instances. </note>
                        <note> You can also create a new security group by clicking the
                            <uicontrol>Create a security group</uicontrol> link. This opens the Create Security Group dialog box.</note>
                    </info>
                    <stepresult> If one of the existing security groups is chosen, the rules associated with
                        the security group display, along information about the VPC network in which it resides, if any.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally specify an IAM role using the <uicontrol>Role</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> If you select a role, make sure that the correct permissions are
                            defined for that role so that the appropriate level of access is applied
                            to your instance. </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> The <uicontrol>Create scaling group using this launch configuration</uicontrol>
                        checkbox is checked by default, allowing you to create a new auto scaling
                        group based on this launch configuration. When this is selected,
                        the <uicontrol>New Scaling Group</uicontrol> dialog will display after
                        you've clicked the <uicontrol>Create Launch Configuration</uicontrol>
                        button, with the Launch configuration field pre-populated with the name of
                        your new launch configuration. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally specify advanced options by clicking the
                        <uicontrol>Select advanced options</uicontrol> link and refer to the
                        next section for further details. </cmd>
                </step>

                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_launch_configuration_ui_advanced_steps">
        <title>Specify Advanced Options</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to specify advanced options for the new instance in your
            auto scaling group. You can add user data, override the kernel and RAM disk IDs, specify
            private networking, and add additional storage.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Specify custom user data by typing it into the <uicontrol>User
                            data</uicontrol> text box or by attaching a file by clicking the
                            <uicontrol>Choose file</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can override the kernel ID in the selected image with the
                            <uicontrol>Kernel ID</uicontrol> drop-down list box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can override the RAM disk ID in the selected image with the
                            <uicontrol>RAM disk ID</uicontrol> drop-down list box. </cmd>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>You can configure additional storage for your instance in the Storage
                        section:</cmd>
                    <substeps id="create_launch_config_ui_advanced_storage_steps">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Select a volume type using the <uicontrol>Volume</uicontrol>
                                drop-down list box. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the desired mapping for the storage into the
                                <uicontrol>Mapping</uicontrol> text box (for example:<codeph>
                                    /dev/sdb</codeph>).</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>If you want to create the storage from an existing snapshot,
                                specify it in the <uicontrol>Create from snapshot</uicontrol>
                                drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Type the size of the attached storage in gigabytes into the
                                <uicontrol>Size (GB) </uicontrol>text box. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Select the <uicontrol>Delete on termination</uicontrol> check box
                                if you would like the attached storage to be deleted when the
                                instance is terminated. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add device</uicontrol> button to add this storage.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>You can delete storage you've already added by clicking the minus button on the right side of the storage list item.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>

                


                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Create launch configuration</uicontrol> button.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>For more information on Auto Scaling, see the <i>Eucalyptus User Guide</i>.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
