<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create Load Balancer</title>
    <shortdesc> This wizard allows you to create a new load balancer. A load balancer allows you to
        automatically balance incoming traffic among a predefined group of instances, ensuring that
        requests are sent to an instance that has the capacity to serve them. For more information
        on load balancers, please see <i>Using Elastic Load Balancing</i> in the <i>Eucalyptus User
            Guide</i>.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_steps_general">
        <title>General</title>
        <shortdesc>This section is where you specify the basic configuration of your new load
            balancer.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the name of your load balancer in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>A listener is the definition of ports (client-side and instance-side) and
                        protocols that the load balancer uses to monitor and route incoming traffic
                        to the load balancer's registered instances. To define one or more listeners
                        for your load balancer:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the number for the client-side port into the
                                    <uicontrol>CLIENT-SIDE PORT</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select the protocol for this listener from the <uicontrol>PROTOCOL
                                    (CLIENT-SIDE to INSTANCE-SIDE</uicontrol>) drop-down list
                                box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the number for the client-side port into the
                                    <uicontrol>INSTANCE-SIDE PORT</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>You can add another listener by click on the plus icon next to the
                                    <uicontrol>INSTANCE-SIDE PORT</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>When you are done with the <uicontrol>General</uicontrol> section, click
                        the <uicontrol>Next: Define membership button</uicontrol> to continue.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_steps_membership">
        <title>Membership</title>
        <shortdesc>This section allows you to add running instances to your new load
            balancer.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the name of the load balancer to which you want to add instances
                        from the <uicontrol>Load balancer name</uicontrol> drop-down list.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <note>You can select one or more filters by pressing the enter key or clicking
                        on the search bar and selecting an available filter from the drop down list.
                        Selecting some filters will expose a menu with a list of valid filter values
                        that you can select by pressing the enter key or clicking the value.</note>
                    <cmd>Select the check box next to the instances that you want to add from the
                        list of running instances. </cmd>

                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally control traffic for one or more scaling groups by
                        selecting a scaling group from the <uicontrol>Also use this load balancer to
                            control traffic for these scaling groups</uicontrol> drop-down list box,
                        using the plus icon to add more than one scaling group. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Next: Configure health check</uicontrol> button to
                        continue.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_steps_healthcheck">
        <title>Membership</title>
        <shortdesc>This section allows you to define a health check for your load balancer
            instances. The health check includes a port, protocol, and URL path to query to ensure
            that an instance is running and healthy.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Define the ping settings for the health check:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select the protocol from the <uicontrol>Protocol</uicontrol>
                                drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the port number to use for the health check ping in the
                                    <uicontrol>Port number</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>

                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Define the path that the health check query should ping by typing
                                it into the <uicontrol>Path</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Specify the number of seconds before the health check query times
                                out by typing a number into the <uicontrol>Response timeout
                                    (seconds)</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Specify the number of minutes before the health check pings by
                                typing a number into the <uicontrol>Time betwen pings
                                    (min)</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Define the instance thresholds for the health check. </cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Specify the number of failed ping attempts until an instance is
                                considered unhealthy by selecting a number from the
                                    <uicontrol>Failures until unhealthy</uicontrol> drop-down list
                                box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Specify the number of successful ping attempts until an instance
                                that was previously marked as unhealthy is considered healthy again
                                by selecting a number from the <uicontrol>Passes until
                                    unhealthy</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Once you've reviewed and are satisfied with your load balancer
                        configuration, click the <uicontrol>Create load balancer</uicontrol> button
                        to create your new load balancer.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
