<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="scaling_group_detail_monitoring_ui_context">
    <title>Scaling Group Details - Monitoring</title>
    <shortdesc>This tab provides a graphical view of various data points being monitored for your scaling group.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="scale_group_monitoring_alarms" conref="console_instance_detail_monitoring.dita#instance_details_monitoring_alarms">
        <title/>
    </task>
            
    <task id="scaling_group_detail_monitoring_ui_view_instance_graphs">
                    <title>CloudWatch instance metrics</title>
        <shortdesc>This part of the page displays the CloudWatch data when you enabled monitoring for your launch configuration(s). </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <prereq>If a launch configuration does not have monitoring enabled, no charts display.
                Instead, a reminder that monitoring is currently turned off for that particular
                launch configuration. To view CloudWatch metrics for this scaling group, change the
                scaling group's launch configuration from the General tab to enable instance
                monitoring.</prereq>
           <steps>
               <step>
                   <cmd>To adjust the range of data to display, select a desired range from the <uicontrol>Show data for</uicontrol> drop-down list box. 
                   Any changes in the time range applies to both instance and scaling group metrics.</cmd>
               </step>
               <step conref="console_instance_detail_monitoring.dita#instances_detail_monitoring_ui_view_graphs/instance_monitoring_graphs">
                   <cmd/>
               </step>
               <step conref="console_conrefs.dita#monitoring/ways_to_view_graphs">
                   <cmd/>
               </step>
           </steps>
       </taskbody>
    </task>
        <task id="scaling_group_detail_monitoring_ui_view_scaling_group_context">
            <title>CloudWatch scaling group metrics</title>
            <shortdesc>This part of the page displays the CloudWatch data when you enabled monitoring for your scaling group. </shortdesc>
        <task id="scaling_group_details_monitoring_ui_context_menu">
            <title>Context menu actions</title>
            <shortdesc>A context menu, accessible by clicking the menu icon (row of three dots), contains actions associated 
                with the monitoring of your scaling group.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <context>The following context menu actions are available:</context>
                <steps-unordered>
                    <step>
                        <cmd><uicontrol>Turn monitoring on</uicontrol> displays monitoring data associated with your scaling group.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd><uicontrol>Turn monitoring off</uicontrol> disables monitoring data completely.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>When you select this option, no charts display. Instead, a reminder that monitoring is currently 
                            turned off, but you can turn it back on by clicking the <uicontrol>Turn Monitoring On For This Scaling Group</uicontrol> button. </stepresult>
                    </step>
                </steps-unordered>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="scaling_group_detail_monitoring_ui_view_scaling_group_graphs">
            <title>Specify data range</title>
            <shortdesc>You can specify a range in time to display the monitoring data shown in the graphs.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>To adjust the range of data to display, select a desired range from the <uicontrol>Show data for</uicontrol> drop-down list box. 
                            Any changes in the time range applies to both instance and scaling group metrics.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The graphs displayed by default are:</cmd>
                        <choices>
                            <choice><b>Total instances</b>. Represents the total number of instances currently in the scaling group, regardless of state.</choice>
                            <choice><b>In service instances</b>. The number of instances currently in the scaling group that are in service (running and active).</choice>
                            <choice><b>Group min size</b>. The smallest size of the scaling group.</choice>
                            <choice><b>Group max size</b>. The largest size of the scaling group.</choice>
                            <choice><b>Group desired capacity</b>. The number of instances the scaling group attempts to maintain.</choice>
                            <choice><b>Pending instances</b>. The number of instances currently in the scaling group that are in pending state and not yet in service.</choice>
                            <choice><b>Terminating instances</b>. The number of instances currently in the scaling group that are in the process of terminating.</choice>
                        </choices>
                        <info>Each of the graphs default to the <i>Maximum</i> statistic within the last hour for the best output results.</info>
                    </step>
                    <step conref="console_conrefs.dita#monitoring/ways_to_view_graphs">
                        <cmd/>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        </task>
        </task>
