<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="console_create_launch_configuration3">
    <title>Create Launch Configuration - Security</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody/>
   
    <task id="create_launch_configuration_ui_security_steps">
        <title>Specify Security</title>
        <shortdesc>This tab allows you to specify the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network settings, key pair and a security group that will be
            used by the new launch configuration. NOTE: if you create a key pair or
            security group in this section, they will automatically be selected for use in your new
            launch configuration. </shortdesc>

        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> If the launch configuration is used with a scaling group using a VPC network,
                        select how the VPC IP assignment is to be applied by selecting an option from the drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a key pair using the <uicontrol>Key name</uicontrol> drop-down list
                        box. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> You can also create a new key pair by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                            key pair</uicontrol> link. This opens the Create Key Pair dialog box. </note>
                    </info>

                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a security group using the <uicontrol>Security group</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> If you select the default security group, make sure that you've added
                            rules to the default security group so that you can access your
                            launch configurations. </note>
                        <note> You can also create a new security group by clicking the
                            <uicontrol>Create a security group</uicontrol> link. This opens the Create Security Group dialog box.</note>
                    </info>
                    <stepresult> If one of the existing security groups is chosen, You may view the rules for the specified 
                        security group by clicking the <uicontrol>+ Rules</uicontrol> control to expand it.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally specify an IAM role using the <uicontrol>Role</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> If you select a role, make sure that the correct permissions are
                            defined for that role so that the appropriate level of access is applied
                            to your launch configurations. </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step conref="console_conrefs.dita#create_last_step/launch_config_create_scaling_group">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>
                
                <step conref="console_conrefs.dita#console_create_details/optionally_select_advanced">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>

                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
</task>
