<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="launch_instances_ui_context">
    <title>Launch More Instances Like This</title>
    <shortdesc> This dialog box allows you create one or more new instances that have the same
        characteristics as an instance you've already created.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="launch_instances_ui_image_steps">
        <title>Specify the Number of Instances</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to specify the number of new instances to
            launch.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    
                    <cmd> Enter the number of instances you'd like to launch into the
                            <uicontrol>Instances</uicontrol> text box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally specify advanced options by clicking the
                            <uicontrol>Select advanced options</uicontrol> link. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Launch Instance(s)</uicontrol> button to launch your
                        new instances. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

    <task id="launch_instances_ui_tags_steps">
        <title>Add Tags</title>
        <shortdesc> To help you manage your cloud's instances, images, and other Eucalyptus
            resources, you can optionally assign your own metadata to each resource in the form of tags. You
            can use tags to create user-friendly names, make resource searching easier, and improve
            coordination between multiple users. This panel allows you to specify tags for your new
            instance(s).</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <note>
                        If you don't want to add tags to your new instances, you can skip this section.
                    </note>
                    <cmd>Type the key name for your tag into the <uicontrol>Key</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the value for your tag into the <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you wish to add additional tags, click the + button to the right of the
                        Value text box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> When you are finished adding tags, you can click the <uicontrol>Next:
                            Select security</uicontrol> button to proceed to the <uicontrol>Advanced
                            Options</uicontrol> panel, or click the <uicontrol>Launch
                            instance(s)</uicontrol> button to launch your new instance.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>


    <task id="launch_instances_ui_advanced_steps">
        <title>Specify Advanced Options</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to specify advanced options for your new instance(s). You
            can add user data, override the kernal and RAM disk IDs, specify private networking, and
            add additional storage.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Specify custom user data by typing it into the <uicontrol>User
                            data</uicontrol> text box or by attaching a file using the
                            <uicontrol>Attach file</uicontrol> link.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can override the kernel ID in the selected image with the
                            <uicontrol>Kernel ID</uicontrol> drop-down list box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can override the RAM disk ID in the selected image with the
                            <uicontrol>RAM disk ID</uicontrol> drop-down list box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Network</uicontrol> check box to specify that your
                        new instance should use private addressing only. Private addresses cannot
                        connect directly to the Internet and must go through a NAT (Network Address
                        Translation) device or an elastic IP address mapped to the instance. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>For EBS-backed instances, you can configure the root volume of your
                        instance:</cmd>
                    <substeps id="launch_instances_ui_advanced_storage_steps">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Type the size of the attached storage in gigabytes into the
                                    <uicontrol>Size (GB) </uicontrol>text box. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Select the <uicontrol>Delete on termination</uicontrol> check box
                                if you would like the attached storage to be deleted when the
                                instance is terminated. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Launch instance(s)</uicontrol> button to launch your
                        new instance(s). </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
