<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="load_balancer_details_instances">
    <title>Load Balancer Details - Instances</title>
    <shortdesc>This tab displays instances tied to your load balancer.</shortdesc>
    <task id="load_balancer_delete" conref="console_load_balancer_detail_actions_menu.dita#console_load_balancer_detail_actions_menu">
        <title>Actions menu</title>
    </task>
        <task id="load_balancer_details_az">
            <title>Availability zones</title>
            <shortdesc>This section allows you to view or disable the availability zones (or VPC subnets, if cloud is VPC) 
                and add or remove instances from a load balancer.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
            <cmd>The ability to select <uicontrol>Enable cross-zone load balancing</uicontrol> is only present for a load balancer not on a VPC network. 
                This option evenly distributes traffic across all instances in all availability zones.</cmd> 
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You can disable an availability zone (or a VPC subnet, if the cloud is VPC) from the <uicontrol>(...)</uicontrol> icon 
                    in the upper-right corner of the box that represents it.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select from the list of instances to specify between which instances to balance traffic.</cmd>
                <info>You may use the Magic Search bar to narrow down the list of instances
                    by specifying the availability zone (or VPC subnet), security group, or
                    status.</info>
                <info>Hover over the instances with <i>out of service</i> status for additonal details about those instances.</info>
                <info>If present, hover over the warning icons (⚠) in the availability zones or subnets for additonal details about those instances.</info>
                    
                <stepresult>Selecting an instance automatically adds that instance to the
                    availability zone or VPC subnet field above and the number of instances selected
                    is also reflected.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol> to save your changes or <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> to abandon your changes.</cmd>
                <stepresult>The message, <systemoutput>Successfully updated load balancer <varname>[name]</varname></systemoutput> 
                    indicates changes saved successfully.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>