<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="scaling_group_detail_ui_help_context">
    <title>Scaling Group Detail - General</title>
    <shortdesc> An Auto Scaling group defines the parameters for the Eucalyptus instances that are
        used for scaling, as well as the minimum, maximum, and desired number of instances to use
        for Auto Scaling your application. This page allows you to view and edit a scaling group.
        For more information on Auto Scaling, please see <i>Using Auto Scaling</i> in the
            <i>Eucalyptus User Guide</i>. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="scaling_group_detail_ui_help_steps_general">
        <title>Capacity</title>
        <shortdesc>Use the capacity values to manually scale your scaling groups.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the <uicontrol>Min</uicontrol> control to change the minimum number of instances you want running in your auto
                        scaling group.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the <uicontrol>Desired</uicontrol> control to change the desired number of instances you want running. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Use the <uicontrol>Max</uicontrol> control to change the maximum number of instances you want running. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>A termination policy defines how instances that are no longer needed in the
                        scaling group are terminated. A default termination policy is already
                        pre-selected and you can add termination policies by selecting them from the
                            <uicontrol>Termination policies</uicontrol> field. The termination
                        policies are executed in the order they are listed. </cmd>
                </step>
               <step>
                   <cmd>You can remove a selected termination policy by clicking on the <uicontrol>X</uicontrol> next to the policy name in the
                       <uicontrol>Termination policies</uicontrol> field.</cmd>  
               </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="scaling_group_detail_ui_help_steps_tags">
        <title>Scaling group</title>
        <shortdesc>You can change the scaling group's VPC network(s), availability zones, load balancers, and
            health check grace period here.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>If a VPC network was selected for the scaling group, the VPC network and its subnets display. 
                If no VPC network was selected, the VPC components are not shown and the availability zone(s) are editable.</context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can add VPC subnets by selecting them from the <uicontrol>VPC subnet(s)</uicontrol> field.
                        </cmd>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can remove a selected VPC subnet by clicking on the <uicontrol>X</uicontrol> next to the IP address associated with each subnet in the
                        <uicontrol>VPC subnet(s)</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If a VPC network was associated with your scaling group, availability zones are view-only and are not editable. 
                        You can add availability zones by selecting them from the <uicontrol>Availability Zones</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
                    
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can remove a selected availability zone by clicking on the
                        <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> next to the availability zone's name in the
                        <uicontrol>Availability Zones</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can add load balancers by selecting them from the <uicontrol>Load balancer(s)</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can remove a selected load balancer by clicking on the <uicontrol>X</uicontrol> next to each load balancer in the
                        <uicontrol>Load balancer(s)</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>You can change the amount of time after a new instance is launched in your auto scaling group before health checks start
                        for the instance by editing the grace period, in seconds, in the <uicontrol>Health check grace period (secs)</uicontrol> control. </cmd>
                </step>
                <!--<step>
                    <cmd>The <i>cooldown period</i> is the number of seconds after a scaling
                        activity completes before any new scaling activity can start. Use the
                            <uicontrol>Default cooldown period (seconds)</uicontrol> control to
                        select the cooldown period for your auto scaling group. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="scaling_group_detail_ui_help_steps_membership">
        <title>Health Check</title>
        <shortdesc>The auto scaling health check uses EC2 instance status checks to determine the
            health state of each instance in your auto scaling group. Use this section to change the
            type of health check used for your scaling group. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the type of health check for your auto scaling group from the
                            <uicontrol>Type</uicontrol> drop-down list box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the amount of grace period, in seconds, into the <uicontrol>Grace
                            period</uicontrol> text box. This is the amount of time after a new
                        instance is launched in your auto scaling group before health checks start
                        for the instance. </cmd>
                </step>

                
                </step>-->
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="scaling_group_detail_general_tags">
        <title>Tags</title>
        <shortdesc>A tag is a key/value pair containing data that you can attach to resources in
            your cloud. This section allows you to view, add or delete tags for for your scaling
            group and for instances that run in your scaling group.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you want to apply a new tag to instances running in the scaling group,
                        select the <uicontrol>Propagate</uicontrol> check box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the key name for your tag into the <uicontrol>Key</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the value for your tag into the <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you wish to add additional tags, click the <uicontrol>Add Tag</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you wish to delete a tag that you have already entered, click the <uicontrol>X</uicontrol>
                        on the tag icon.</cmd>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="scaling_group_detail_ui_help_steps_finishing">
        <title>Saving Your Changes</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Once you are satisfied with the edits you made to your scaling group,
                        click the <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol> button, or click the
                            <uicontrol>X</uicontrol> button in the upper right corner to cancel the
                        updates.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>For more information on Auto Scaling, see <i>Eucalyptus User Guide.</i></result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
