<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="stack_detail_events_ui_context">
    <title>Stack Detail - Events</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="stack_detail_events">
            <title>Events tab</title>
            <shortdesc>The Events tab lists each event that took place in creation of a stack.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <steps-unordered>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Use the Magic search bar to filter the events you want to view.</cmd>
                        <info>Status is an event criteria that can be specified. Additionally, you
                        can filter by typing in text similar to searching by keywords.</info>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Timestamp</b> column shows the date and time in which the event associated with the status occurred.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Status</b> column shows the current state of a particular resource applied to the stack. 
                            For example, the action associated with establishing a load balancer for the stack is identified as its own event.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Status Reason</b> column shows any reason for an exception of an event to occur on a particular action made on the stack.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Type (Logical ID)</b> column shows the type of resource created that triggered the event.</cmd>
                    </step>    
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Status</b> column shows the current state of a particular resource applied to the stack. 
                            For example, the action associated with establishing a load balancer for the stack is identified as its own event.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Physical ID</b> column provides an active link (if available) to the resource created that triggered the event.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps-unordered>
               
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>
