<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="account_detail_ui_context">
    <title>Account Detail - General</title>
    <shortdesc> This page allows you to view, delete the IAM account, as well as creating and applying access policies and permissions
        associated with that account.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="account_detail_general">
        <title>General Tab</title>
        <shortdesc>The General tab displays the name of the account, the ID assigned to the account,
            users and groups in the account, and roles defined for the account, if any.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody/>
    <task id="accounts_detail_ui_context_menu">
        <title>Actions menu</title>
        <shortdesc>Clicking the gear icon from the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> menu allows you to delete the account.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody/>
        <task id="account_detail_general_delete">
            <title>Delete an account</title>
            
            <taskbody>
                <context>To delete an account:</context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the<uicontrol> Actions</uicontrol> menu and select<uicontrol> Delete account</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>When the confirmation dialog box displays, click the <uicontrol>Yes, Delete Account</uicontrol> button
                            to confirm the deletion. Otherwise, close the confirmation dialog box to cancel. </cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>


<task id="account_detail_ui_edit_policy">
    <title>Denial policies</title>
    
    <taskbody>
        <context>On accounts, you can only apply "Deny" policies that disallow users of the particular account from performing certain functions.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add Access Policy</uicontrol> button to open a policy editor window in
                            order to edit each policy defined. For more information, go to <xref
                                href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html"
                                scope="external" format="html">IAM Identifiers</xref>. Refer to the Help in the 
                    Access Policy window for additional instructions.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If policies are defined and listed, click the <uicontrol>View/edit</uicontrol> icon (a pencil) next to the policy to view or edit that policy.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>

<task id="account_detail_ui_delete_policy">
    <title>Delete an account policy</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>To delete a denial policy from an account:</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click on the <uicontrol>Remove policy</uicontrol> icon (a minus sign in a circle) next to a policy to delete that policy.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When the confirmation dialog box displays, click the <uicontrol>Yes,
                    Delete</uicontrol> button to confirm the deletion. Otherwise, close the confirmation dialog box to cancel. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
    </task>
</task>
