<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_iam_accounts_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create Accounts</title>
    <shortdesc>Accounts are the highest entity for managing your users, groups and roles. 
        Each account owns and controls all the resources created under it and its set of assigned permissions.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_iam_accounts_ui_help_steps">
        <title>Create an account</title>
        <shortdesc>Add the details of your new account:</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the name of your new account.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                      <note
                            importance="high">The admin user will be created automatically for each account as
                            part of the account creation, and therefore, adding it manually is not allowed.</note>
                    
                    <cmd>You can optionally create additional users for this account by entering them in the 
                        Add a user text field, then click <uicontrol>Add User</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you want to remove a user from the list of users to create, click the
                        minus icon next to the user in the list.</cmd>
                    <info><note>The admin user cannot be deleted.</note></info>
                </step>
                <step>  
                    <cmd>Select one or both options to <!-- are selected by default and --> apply to
                        all the users you want to create, including the admin user: </cmd>
                    <choices>
                        <choice><uicontrol>Create and download random password</uicontrol>.</choice>
                        <choice><uicontrol>Create and download access keys</uicontrol>.</choice>
                    </choices>
                    <!-- <cmd>De-select an option or both to disallow any of the above to occur. </cmd> --> 
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Repeat for each user to include in the account.</cmd>   
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="console_account_detail_quotas">
        <title>Account Detail - Quotas</title>
        <shortdesc>Quotas lets you define limits on resources that users for this account is allowed
            to create. The quotas you define will be saved as a policy that will appear in the
            account's policy list.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Expand the section for each service that you want to specify limits
                        for, and type in the maximum number of that resource in the text field.
                        Leaving a text field blank means no limit is assigned to that
                        resource.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_account_ui_finish">
        <title>Save Your Work</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Create Account</uicontrol> button to save your work, or
                        click the <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> button to cancel the
                        operation.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>Creating the account assigns it an ID, then generates and downloads a .csv file containing user information
                        along with passwords and access keys associated with each user.</stepresult>
                </step>
                </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
