<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="user_detail_ui_context">
    <title>User Detail - Quotas</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen shows you the general details for am IAM user. From this page, you can
        change a user name, disable a user, delete a user, or modify a user's quotas and
        credentials. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>

    <task id="user_detail_general">
        <title>Quotas tab</title>
        <shortdesc>This tab lets you define limits on resources that this user is allowed to
            create.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody/>
        <task id="create_iam_users_ui_quotas">
            <title>Quotas</title>
            <shortdesc>In this section, you can define limits on what resources your users can
                create.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Expand the section for each service that you want to specify limits
                            for, and type in the maximum number of that resource in the text field.
                            Leaving a text field blank means no limit is assigned to that
                            resource.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>When you are finished setting quotas, click the <uicontrol>Save
                                Quotas</uicontrol> button to save your work, or click the
                                <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> button to cancel..</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>


    </task>


    <task id="user_detail_ui_context_menu">
        <title>Actions menu</title>
        <shortdesc>Clicking the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> button brings up a menu of actions
            that you can perform on the selected user.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>The following context menu actions are availabe:</context>
        </taskbody>

        <task id="user_details_ui_manage_snapshots_steps">
            <title>Disable</title>
            <shortdesc/>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>This item deletes the selected user's password and creates an IAM
                            access "deny all actions" policy that prevents them from executing any
                            actions against the cloud. The user's other information, including
                            active access keys, is maintained until you either make the user active
                            again or delete them. </cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>

        <task id="user_details_ui_delete_steps">
            <title>Delete</title>
            <shortdesc> </shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>

                    <step>
                        <cmd>This item allows you to delete the specified user.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <note> This menu item deletes the selected user and all keys, passwords
                                and permissions associated with that user.</note>
                        </info>
                    </step>

                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>
</task>
