<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_context">
    <title>Manage Load Balancers</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen allows you to view a list of your load balancers, create new scaling
        groups, and edit existing load balancers. You can page through the list of load balancers by
        clicking the navigation buttons at the bottom of the screen. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_sorting_steps">
        <title>Sorting the Load Balancers List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on any column header to toggle sorting the list of load balancers in
                        ascending or descending order by the selected column.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_searching_steps">
        <title>Searching and Filtering the Load Balancers List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type some search text into the <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> text box to
                        filter the list of load balancers. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>For some lists, you can select one or more filters by pressing the enter
                        key or clicking on the search bar and selecting an available filter from the
                        drop down list. Selecting some filters will expose a menu with a list of
                        valid filter values that you can select by pressing the enter key or
                        clicking the value.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    
    <task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_view_details_steps">
        <title>Viewing Details of a Load Balancer</title>
        <shortdesc>You can expand a load balancer entry in the list to see details about the load
            balancer, including associated instancess, health checks, CloudWatch metrics, and
            tags.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the name of the load balancer in the list of load balancers.</cmd>
                    <info>The area beneath the load balancer name will expand to a tabbed
                        interface.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>General</uicontrol> tab to see a panel of detailed
                        information about the selected load balancer.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Instances</uicontrol> tab to see the list of
                        instances for the selected load balancer, as well as the health status and
                        state of the instances. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Health Checks</uicontrol> tab to see a list of health
                        checks associated with the load balancer. </cmd>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Monitoring</uicontrol> tab to see a CloudWatch
                        metrics for the selected load balancer.. </cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_create_steps">
        <title>Create a New Load Balancer</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Create New Load Balancer</uicontrol> button. The
                            <uicontrol>Create New Load Balancer</uicontrol> dialog box will
                        appear.</cmd>
                    
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    
    
    <task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_edit_steps">
        <title>Edit Load Balancer</title>
        <shortdesc>This action allows you to change the properties of a load balancer.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the load balancer from the list of load balancers, and then select
                            <uicontrol>Edit Properties</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>More
                            Actions</uicontrol> drop-down menu. The <uicontrol>Edit Load
                            Balancer</uicontrol> dialog will appear.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_delete_steps">
        <title>Delete</title>
        <shortdesc>This action allows you to delete one or more load balancers. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select one or more load balancers from the list of load balancers, and then
                        select <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>More
                            Actions</uicontrol> drop-down menu. The <uicontrol>Delete Load
                            Balancer</uicontrol> dialog will appear.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_add_instances_steps">
        <title>Add instances</title>
        <shortdesc>This action allows you to add instances to your load balancer. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the load balancer from the list of load balancers, and then select
                            <uicontrol>Add instances</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>More
                            Actions</uicontrol> drop-down menu. The <uicontrol>Add
                            instances</uicontrol> dialog will appear.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_load_balancers_ui_remove_instances_steps">
        <title>Remove instances</title>
        <shortdesc>This action allows you to remove instances from your load balancer. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the load balancer from the list of load balancers, and then select
                            <uicontrol>Remove instances</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>More
                            Actions</uicontrol> drop-down menu. The <uicontrol>Remove
                            instances</uicontrol> dialog will appear.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    
    
</task>
