<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="instance_detail_general_ui_context">
    <title>Instance Detail - General</title>
    <shortdesc> This page provides the details of an instance.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    
    <task id="instance_detail_general_instances">
        <title>Instance</title>
        <shortdesc>This section allows you to view details about the instance. 
            The name is the only attribute about the instance that can be edited. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
            <ul>
                <li>To rename the instance, type the new name of the instance in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text
                    field. </li>
            </ul>
            </context>
        </taskbody>
    <task id="instance_detail_ui_context_menu">
        <title>Actions menu</title>
        <shortdesc>Clicking the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> button brings up a menu of actions
            that you can perform on the selected instance.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>The following context menu actions are available:
                <ul>
                    <li><uicontrol>Connect to instance</uicontrol>. Selecting this option displays a 
                        dialog with instructions detailing how to connect to the selected instance. </li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Launch more like this</uicontrol>. Selecting this option displays a 
                        dialog that allows you to create and customize one or more instances like the selected instance.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Create launch configuration</uicontrol>. A launch configuration is 
                        used to define the parameters for new instances that are launched as part of your 
                        auto scaling group. Selecting this option displays the <uicontrol>Create new launch
                            configuration</uicontrol> wizard. 
                        <note>For more information on Auto Scaling, see <xref href="../user-guide/autoscaling_intro.dita"></xref> 
                            in the <i>Eucalyptus User Guide</i>.</note> </li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Create image</uicontrol>. Selecting this option allows you to create a new image. 
                        Refer to the Help on that page to complete the fields.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>View console output</uicontrol>. Selecting this option displays a dialog box 
                        showing the selected instance's console output.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Associate IP address</uicontrol>. Selecting this option opens the volume management
                        page that will allow you to attach and detach volumes for the selected instance.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Stop</uicontrol>. This option displays for only EBS-backed instances that are active. 
                        Select this option to stop the selected EBS-backed instance.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Start</uicontrol>. This option displays for only EBS-backed instances that are stopped. 
                        Select this option to start the selected EBS-backed instance.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Reboot</uicontrol>. Select this option to reboot the selected instance.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Terminate</uicontrol>. Select this option to terminate the selected instance. 
                        <note importance="high">A terminated instance can't be restarted.</note></li>
                </ul>
            </context>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    </task> 
        <task id="instance_detail_general_images">
            <title>Image</title>
            <taskbody>
               <context>This section provides information about the image used for this instance. </context>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    <task id="tags" conref="console_add_edit_tags_in_place.dita#console_add_edit_tags_in_place">
            <title/>
        <taskbody/>
    </task>
        <task id="volume_detail_ui_help_steps_finishing">
            <title>Saving Your Changes</title>
            <shortdesc/>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Once you're satisfied with the edits to your instance, click the
                                <uicontrol>Save changes</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>