<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="manage_launch_configs_ui_context">
    <title>Launch configurations Landing Page</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen allows you to view a list of your launch configurations, create new
        launch configurations, create new scaling groups based on a launch configuration, and delete
        existing launch configurations. Use the scroll bar to view additional launch configurations 
        not in the browser's current view.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="manage_launch_configs_prereqs">
        <title>Prerequisites</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <prereq>As one of the resources not available as a tile on the dashboard, 
                you can access a list of launch configurations by clicking 
                <uicontrol>Launch configurations</uicontrol> from the left navigation 
                bar under <uicontrol>AUTO SCALING</uicontrol>.
            </prereq>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="launch_configs_landing_ui_display_information" conref="console_conrefs.dita#landing_pages_ui_display_information">
        <title/>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_launch_configs_ui_create_steps">
        <title>Create a New Launch Configuration</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>As one of the resources not available for access from the dashboard, 
                        access the Launch configurations landing page by clicking the
                        <uicontrol>Launch configurations</uicontrol> link on the left side
                        navigation bar under the AUTO SCALING category.</cmd>
                    </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>From the <b>Launch configurations</b> landing page, click the 
                        <uicontrol>CREATE NEW LAUNCH CONFIGURATION</uicontrol> 
                        button near the top of the page.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>The <b>Create new launch configuration</b> wizard opens.
            </result>
            <postreq>For additional information on completing that page, refer to the instructions 
                provided in its Help content.</postreq>
        </taskbody>
    </task>


    <task id="manage_launch_configs_ui_view_details_steps">
        <title>View Details of a Launch Configuration</title>
        <shortdesc>Several items in the launch configurations list allow you to click on them to see
            more detailed information, such as, name, image, key pair, and security group associated 
            with each launch configuration.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>To see more details about a launch configuration, or an object associated with it:</context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the name of the launch configuration to display detailed information
                        about the selected launch configuration.
                    </cmd>
                    <info>OR</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>In the Actions column, click the action icon (･･･) for the launch configuration
                        you want to view and select <uicontrol>View details</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The details page for the selected launch configuration opens.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click an image ID to see to see detailed information about the image
                        associated with the selected launch configuration.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the name of a key pair to see to see detailed information about the
                        key pair associated with the selected launch configuration.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the name of a security group to see to see detailed information about
                        the security group associated with the selected launch configuration.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>

        </taskbody>
    </task>

    <task id="manage_launch_configs_ui_context_menu">
        <title>Actions</title>
        <shortdesc>Each entry in the launch configurations list has a context menu, accessible in
            the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> column. Clicking the action icon brings up a menu of
            actions that you can perform on the selected launch configuration.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>The following context menu actions are available:
                <ul>
                    <li><uicontrol>View details</uicontrol>. Brings up the detail page for selected launch configuration . </li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Create launch configuration like this</uicontrol>. Opens the Create launch configuration 
                        page that is pre-populated with many of the same attributes as the selected launch configuration.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Use to create scaling group</uicontrol>. Opens the <uicontrol>Create new scaling
                        group</uicontrol> wizard with the selected launch configuration pre-populated. </li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Delete launch configuration</uicontrol>. Allows you to delete the selected launch configuration.
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </context>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
            