<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_iam_roles_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create IAM Roles</title>
    <shortdesc> Roles are used to temporarily allow users or services to access resources without sharing long-term security credentials.
    Permissions are applied to roles so they not attached to any IAM user or group, allowing applications or services (like Euca2ools) 
    to assume a role that allows them to make programmatic requests to Eucalytpus.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_roles_ui_help_steps">
        <title>Create a role</title>
        <shortdesc>Add the details of your new role:</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the name of your new role.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the role type from the following options:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note importance="high"> These options apply to all the users associated with this role.</note>
                        <ul>
                            <li><uicontrol>EC2 service</uicontrol> allows EC2 instances to call other services on your behalf. </li>
                            <li><uicontrol>Cross-account access</uicontrol> grants IAM users from another account to access this account.
                            Hover over the (?) icon for more details about choosing this option.</li>
                        </ul></info>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="create_iam_role_ui_advanced">
        <title>Advanced</title>
        <shortdesc>You can also optionally give the role a path that you define to identify which part of the organization it belongs to.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>The <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol> section allows you to associate a path for the new role. 
                        Organize your roles in a way that makes sense to you, but ultimately, a path is not used to define how the role is applied. 
                        For more information, go to <xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html" 
                            scope="external" format="html">IAM Identifiers</xref>.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="create_iam_role_ui_finish">
        <title>Save Your Work</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Create Role</uicontrol> button to save your work, or
                        click the <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> button to cancel the
                        operation.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>A subsequent screen appears, allowing you to add access policies for your newly created role. 
                        Refer to its context help for details on completing that operation.</stepresult>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
