<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="manage_security_group_ui_context">
    <title>Manage Security Groups</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen allows you to view a list of your security groups and create, modify and
        delete security groups. You can page through the list of security groups by clicking the
        navigation buttons at the bottom of the screen. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="manage_security_group_ui_sorting_steps">
        <title>Sorting the Security Group List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on any column header to toggle sorting the list of security groups in
                        ascending or descending order by the selected column.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_security_group_ui_searching_steps">
        <title>Searching the Security Group List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type some search text into the <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> text box to
                        filter the list of security groups. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>For some lists, you can select one or more filters by pressing the enter
                        key or clicking on the search bar and selecting an available filter from the
                        drop down list. Selecting some filters will expose a menu with a list of
                        valid filter values that you can select by pressing the enter key or
                        clicking.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_security_group_ui_create_steps">
        <title>Creating a Security Group</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Create new security group</uicontrol> button. The
                            <uicontrol>Create Security Group</uicontrol> dialog box will
                        appear.</cmd>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

    <task id="manage_security_group_ui_view_details_steps">
        <title>Viewing Details of a Security Group</title>
        <shortdesc>You can expand a security group in the list to see details about the security
            group, including tags and rules associated with the security group.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>

            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the name of the security group in the list of security groups.</cmd>
                    <info>The area beneath the security group name will expand to a tabbed
                        interface.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>General</uicontrol> tab to see a panel of detailed
                        information about the security group, include the list of incoming traffic
                        rules.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Tags</uicontrol> tab to see a list of tags associated
                        with the security group. </cmd>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>


    <task id="manage_security_group_ui_delete_steps">
        <title>Deleting Security Groups</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the checkbox next to the security group you wish to delete.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Right-click in the security group list and select
                            <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> from the context menu. The
                            <uicontrol>Delete Security Group</uicontrol> dialog box will appear.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
