<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="console_buckets_cors">
 <title>Working with CORS</title>
 <shortdesc>Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) allows client web applications 
  that reside in one domain to interact with resources in a different domain, 
  within the same bucket.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus supports creating (enabling), getting, and deleting a CORS configuration on a bucket. 
   An authenticated user who owns a bucket, can do the following:
  <ul>
   <li>Use the <codeph>PUT</codeph> command to enable CORS, with a valid CORS configuration, to allow sharing across other domains.</li>
   <li>Use the <codeph>GET</codeph> command to obtain a CORS configuration, if one exists. </li>
   <li>Use the <codeph>DELETE</codeph> command to disable CORS to forbid sharing across other domains. </li>
  </ul>
  </p>
  <p>In the above scenarios, the equivalent operations in the Eucalyptus Management Console can be found in the sharing settings of a bucket:
  <ul>
   <li><uicontrol>Add CORS Configuration</uicontrol> to enable CORS within that bucket.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>View/Edit</uicontrol> to obtain a CORS configuration and modify it.</li>
   <li><uicontrol>Delete CORS Configuration</uicontrol> to disable CORS within that bucket.</li>
   
  </ul>
  </p>
  <p>For more information about CORS in AWS, such as creating different rules, go to 
   <xref href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/cors.html" scope="external" format="html">AWS Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)</xref>.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
