<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task
    id="scaling_group_detail_instances_ui_context">
    <title>Scaling Group Detail - Instances</title>
    <shortdesc> An Auto Scaling group defines the parameters for the Eucalyptus instances that are
        used for scaling, as well as the minimum, maximum, and desired number of instances to use
        for Auto Scaling your application. This tab allows you to view and manage the instances associated with the selected
        scaling group. </shortdesc>
       <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>To manage instances (launch configurations) currently associated with your scaling group, click the 
                   link to the launch configuration inside the instance's tile to access its details page.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Refer to the Help on the Details for launch configuration page for additional instructions.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
    
    <task id="manage_scaling_instances_ui_context_menu">
        <title>Instances context menu actions</title>
        <shortdesc>Each tile in the instances list has a context menu. Clicking the action icon (a row of three dots) in the
            upper right corner of a policy tile brings up a menu of actions that you can perform on
            the selected instance.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>The following context menu actions are available:
                <ul>
                    <li><uicontrol>View details</uicontrol>. Select this option to view the details page for the selected
                        instance.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Mark unhealthy</uicontrol>. Select this option to mark an instance as unhealthy. This will cause
                        auto scaling to terminate the instance and launch a new instance to replace it.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Terminate</uicontrol>. Select this option to terminate the selected instance.</li>
                </ul>
            </context>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
