<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="bucket_upload_file_ui_context">
    <title>Upload file</title>
    <shortdesc> This page allows you to upload a file from your local file system to a folder in one
        of your buckets and specify sharing attributes and metadata for it.</shortdesc>
            <task id="bucket_select_file_ui">
                <title>Select file(s)</title>
                <taskbody>
                    <steps>
                        <step>
                            <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Choose Files</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                            <stepresult>A window opens prompting you to select a file from your local file system. </stepresult>
                        </step>
                            <step>
                                <cmd>Navigate to the location of the file you want to upload.</cmd>
                            </step>
                            <step>
                                <cmd>Select the file to upload or to select multiple files, hold down the <uicontrol>[Ctrl]</uicontrol> key while selecting files.</cmd>
                                <info>The file size limit is 5 TB.</info>
                            </step>
                            <step>
                                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol> from the file chooser window.</cmd>
                                <stepresult>The selected file(s) display under the <uicontrol>Choose Files</uicontrol> button. 
                                    To remove selected file(s) or add more, start over by repeating all the above steps.</stepresult>
                            </step>
                        <step>
                            <cmd> You can optionally specify advanced options by clicking the
                                <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol> link and refer to the
                                next section for further details. </cmd>
                        </step>
                    </steps>
                </taskbody>
            </task>
                <task id="bucket_upload_file_ui_advanced">
                    <title>Specify Advanced Options</title>
                    <shortdesc>You can optionally specify sharing parameters or apply metadata to
            the object. </shortdesc>
                 
    <task id="object_detail_ui_edit_sharing">
        <title>Edit the sharing settings</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>The sharing options for the selected object(s) have been automatically set to
                    match their bucket. Adjust these options if necessary.</context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To edit the sharing settings, select from the following:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Public</uicontrol> to allow everyone access to your
                                object.</cmd>
                            <info><note type="important">Making an object (or file) public means anyone who has the URL 
                                can access the object, even if they are not authenticated users.</note></info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Private</uicontrol> to allow only those
                                specified to access your object.</cmd>
                            <stepresult>The Share with others section displays only if <uicontrol>Private</uicontrol> 
                                was chosen as the Sharing option for this object.</stepresult>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Specify access control parameters by performing the following:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Use canned ACL</uicontrol> to use a
                                pre-defined Access Control List established by your
                                organization. </cmd>
                            
                            <info>
                                <note>For more information about ACL, go to <xref format="html"
                                    scope="external" href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-overview.html"> 
                                    Access Control List (ACL) Overview.</xref></note>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>To change to another pre-defined ACL, select an ACL from the <uicontrol>Use canned ACL</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Manually define sharing</uicontrol> to grant only specific accounts certain 
                                levels of access to your object.</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <note>In order to manually define sharing with other accounts, specify that account with an account ID 
                                    or an email address associated with a user in the account. To obtain an account ID, coordinate with the owners
                                    or administrators of those accounts. Otherwise, specifying an email address of a user in the account will 
                                    effectively grant access to everyone in that account.</note>
                                <note>You can remove an existing account and permission pair by clicking on the
                                    <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> next to the pair listed under the
                                    <uicontrol>Manually define sharing</uicontrol> option.</note>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Enter the 12-digit account ID or email address of a user in the account in the <uicontrol>Account</uicontrol> field. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select the appropriate level of access for the account by
                                selecting it from the <uicontrol>Permissions</uicontrol>
                                drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add Account</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Add another account</uicontrol> button
                                (if one or more accounts were already present) to add it
                                to the list of accounts with which your object is shared.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
        <task id="object_detail_ui_edit_metadata">
            <title>Edit object metadata</title>
            <taskbody>
                <context>Each object has a set of attributes. These attributes identify the object by
                    its key and contain metadata about its size, creation and modified dates, encoding
                    type, encryption, and other pieces of information that allow S3 to process it.
                    Metadata can be system-defined or user-defined. <p>For more information about object
                        metadata, go to <xref format="html" scope="external"
                            href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/UsingMetadata.html">
                            Object Key and Metadata</xref>.</p><p>To edit object metadata, you can
                                delete existing metadata or add a metadata pair:</p></context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>To add a metadata pair:</cmd>
                        <substeps>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd>Select a key from the <uicontrol>Key</uicontrol> drop-down list box
                                    or define your own key by typing it in the <uicontrol>Key</uicontrol> 
                                    search field and click <uicontrol>Add metadata</uicontrol> from the list box.</cmd>
                            </substep>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd>Select a value for the selected key from the <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                            </substep>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add Metadata Pair</uicontrol> to acknowledge
                                    the message and continue.</cmd>
                            </substep>
                        </substeps>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>To remove an existing metadata pair, click the <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> 
                            next to the pair listed under the Metadata heading.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
                </task>
            <task id="upload_file_ui_finish">
                <title>Begin the Upload</title>
                <shortdesc/>
                <taskbody>
                    <steps>
                        <step>
                        <cmd>When done, click the <uicontrol>Upload File(s)</uicontrol> button to upload the select file(s), 
                            or click <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> to abandon the operation.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>A confirmation dialog box opens if you proceed to upload.</stepresult>
                    </step>
                    
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK, Let's Do This Now!</uicontrol> to confirm and begin uploading the file(s).</cmd>
                        <stepresult>A new window opens, displaying the status of the upload with a
                        progress indicator.</stepresult>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Stay on the page to complete the upload process.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Otherwise, click <uicontrol>Cancel Upload</uicontrol> or navigate away from this page to cancel the uploading process.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>Any files that do not upload completely during the cancel operation are cleaned up automatically. 
                            Those that have already uploaded remain in the bucket.</stepresult>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
</task>
