<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="update_stack_ui_help_context">
    <title>Update a Stack - Template</title>
    <shortdesc> This page allows you to update the template and parameters of a CloudFormation stack. 
    </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_stack_ui_help_steps_template">
        <title>Template</title>
        <shortdesc>This page allows you to edit the currently applied template, upload a new one, 
            or choose another one from a URL.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Choose among the available options for editing a template:</cmd>
                    <choices>
                        <choice>Select <uicontrol>Use current template</uicontrol> and click the pencil icon to 
                            edit the currently applied template. Another window opens to allow you to edit the 
                            contents of the template. When you are done editing, click the <uicontrol>SAVE TEMPLATE</uicontrol> button.</choice>
                        <choice>Select <uicontrol>Upload template</uicontrol> to browse and apply a different template from 
                            your local hard drive.
                            <note>Acceptable file formats are JSON files (max size: 16 KB).  
                                For more information, go to <xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/template-anatomy.html" 
                                    scope="external" format="html">Template Anatomy</xref> in the <i>AWS CloudFormation User Guide</i>.</note>
                        </choice>
                        <choice>Select <uicontrol>Use template from URL</uicontrol> to choose a different template from a web address.
                            <note>The URL must point to a template (max size: 460,800 bytes) anywhere publically available that you have read 
                                permissions to, located in the same region as the stack. The maximum length of the URL itself is 1024 characters long.</note>
                        </choice>
                    </choices>
                    <stepresult>A Warning dialog opens if you are trying to use a template that was not originally designed for this cloud (for example, 
                        using an AWS template on a Eucalyptus cloud). Based on the information provided on the Warning dialog, you can either:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Expand <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> to convert unsupported parameters</li>
                            <li>Click the <uicontrol>I Understand, Use This Template</uicontrol> button and all the unsupported 
                                parameters will convert automatically</li>
                            <li>Click <uicontrol>Go back, I want to select a different
                                template</uicontrol> to discard the current template
                                selection and repeat the above steps to choose another
                                template</li>
                        </ul>
                    </stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you are trying to use an AWS template that contains services and resources that 
                        Eucalyptus does not yet support, a Warning dialog box opens.</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Click to expand <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> to view the unsupported items.</cmd>
                            <stepresult>Any remaining unsupported items will be automatically removed.</stepresult>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Once the chosen template is free of incompatible items, click <uicontrol>I Understand, Use This Template</uicontrol> 
                                to proceed.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you edit a template and it passes validation, the next tab automatically opens. 
                        Otherwise, click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button to advance to the Parameters tab.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>

