<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_context">
    <title>Manage Scaling Groups</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen allows you to view a list of your scaling groups, create new scaling
        groups, and edit existing scaling groups. You can page through the list of scaling groups by
        clicking the navigation buttons at the bottom of the screen. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_sorting_steps">
        <title>Sorting the Scaling Groups List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on any column header to toggle sorting the list of scaling groups in
                        ascending or descending order by the selected column.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_searching_steps">
        <title>Searching and Filtering the Scaling Groups List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type some search text into the <uicontrol>Search</uicontrol> text box to
                        filter the list of scaling groups. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>For some lists, you can select one or more filters by pressing the enter
                        key or clicking on the search bar and selecting an available filter from the
                        drop down list. Selecting some filters will expose a menu with a list of
                        valid filter values that you can select by pressing the enter key or
                        clicking the value.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    

    <task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_view_details_steps">
        <title>Viewing Details of a Scaling Group</title>
        <shortdesc>You can expand a scaling group entry in the list to see details about the scaling
            group, including associated launch configurations, scaling groups, scaling policies, and
            tags.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>

            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the name of the scaling group in the list of scaling groups.</cmd>
                    <info>The area beneath the scaling group name will expand to a tabbed
                        interface.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>General</uicontrol> tab to see a panel of detailed
                        information about the selected scaling group.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Instances</uicontrol> tab to see the list of
                        instances for the auto scaling group, as well as the instance's health status and
                        state. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Policies</uicontrol> tab to see a list of scaling
                        policies associated with the scaling group. </cmd>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

    <task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_create_steps">
        <title>Create a New Scaling Group</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Create New Scaling Group</uicontrol> button. The
                            <uicontrol>Create New Scaling Group</uicontrol> dialog box will
                        appear.</cmd>

                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_quickscale_steps">
        <title>Quick Scale</title>
        <shortdesc>This action allows you to quickly change the desired number of instances in your scaling group. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the scaling group from the list of scaling groups, and then select
                        <uicontrol>Quick scale</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>More Actions</uicontrol> drop-down menu. The <uicontrol>Quick Scale</uicontrol>
                        dialog will appear.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

    <task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_edit_steps">
        <title>Edit Scaling Group</title>
        <shortdesc>This action allows you to change the properties of a scaling group.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the scaling group from the list of scaling groups, and then select
                        <uicontrol>Edit Properties</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>More Actions</uicontrol> drop-down menu. The <uicontrol>Edit Scaling Group</uicontrol>
                        dialog will appear.</cmd>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_delete_steps">
        <title>Delete</title>
        <shortdesc>This action allows you to delete one or more scaling groups. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select one or more scaling groups from the list of scaling groups, and then select
                        <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>More Actions</uicontrol> drop-down menu. The <uicontrol>Delete scaling group</uicontrol>
                        dialog will appear.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_scaling_groups_ui_manage_instances_steps">
        <title>Manage instances</title>
        <shortdesc>This action allows you to set the health status on the instances in your scaling group. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the scaling group from the list of scaling groups, and then select
                        <uicontrol>Manage instances</uicontrol> from the <uicontrol>More Actions</uicontrol> drop-down menu. The <uicontrol>Manage instances</uicontrol>
                        dialog will appear.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>



</task>
