<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="manage_eip_ui_context">
    <title>Manage Elastic IP Addresses</title>
    <shortdesc> Your Eucalyptus cloud can offer elastic IP addresses that you
        can associate with your running instances. This page allows you to
        view a list of your available elastic IP addresses, allocate new elastic
        IP addresses, associate and disassociate elastic IP addresses with
        running instances, and release elastic IP addresses. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="manage_eips_ui_change_view_steps">
        <title>Changing the View</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>You can toggle between the table view and the grid view by clicking the
                        appropriate icon next to the <uicontrol>View</uicontrol> label at the top
                        right of the screen.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_eips_ui_sorting_steps">
        <title>Sorting the Elastic IPs List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Sort the list of elastic IPs by selecting a sort order using the <uicontrol>Sort
                        by</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_eips_ui_searching_steps">
        <title>Searching and Filtering the Elastic IP List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To perform a simple search/filter, type some search text into the search
                        text box at the top right of the page.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>For more precise filtering and searching, you can add one or more filters
                        by clicking one of the available filters in the <uicontrol>Filter
                            by</uicontrol> section on the right side of the page.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_eips_ui_create_steps">
        <title>Allocate an Elastic IP Address</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Allocate Elastic IP Addresses</uicontrol> button to allocate one or more elastic IP addresses.</cmd>
                </step>
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_eips_ui_view_details_steps">
        <title>Viewing Details of a IP Address</title>
        <shortdesc>Several items in the snapshot list allow you to click on them to see more
            detailed information.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>To see more details about an IP address or associated object:</context>
            
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the IP address to display detailed information.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If there's an instance associated with an IP address, you can click on the instance ID to display detailed information about the instance.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_eips_ui_context_menu">
        <title>Actions</title>
        <shortdesc>Each entry in the eips list has a context menu, accessible in the
            <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> column. Clicking the action icon brings up a menu of
            actions that you can perform on the selected IP address.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>The following context menu actions are available:</context>
        </taskbody>
        <task id="manage_eips_ui_associate_steps">
            <title>Associate with instance </title>
            <shortdesc/>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>This selection allows you to associate the selected IP address with a running instance.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="manage_eips_ui_disassociate_from_steps">
            <title>Disassociate from instance</title>
            <shortdesc/>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>This selection allows you to disassociate the IP address from an instance.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="manage_eips_ui_release_to_cloud_steps">
            <title>Release to cloud</title>
            <shortdesc/>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>This item releases the selected IP address back to the cloud.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>
</task>
