<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_health_adv">
    <title>Create Load Balancer - Health Check &amp; Advanced</title>
    <shortdesc> This wizard allows you to specify the various health checks you want your load balancer to monitor. 
        Any instances that fail the health check will be automatically removed from the load balancer.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Specify the settings for pinging your instances:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select a protocol from the <uicontrol>Protocol</uicontrol> drop-down list.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the port in the <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> text field.</cmd>
                        <info>The port may be populated with a common default port for a chosen protocol 
                            but you can change the port, if neccessary.</info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>For http or https protocols, you may enter the path of the ping in the
                                <uicontrol>Path</uicontrol> text field.</cmd>
                        <info>TCP and SSL protocols do not display this field.</info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Optionally, you can click <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol> to expand the health check timing options.</cmd> 
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the time in seconds in the <uicontrol>Response timeout (secs)</uicontrol> text field to specify 
                    how long to wait for a ping response before it times out.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the desired ping interval from the <uicontrol>Time between pings</uicontrol> drop-down list.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Specify the thresholds for declaring the health of instances:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the number of failed attempts from the <uicontrol>Failures until unhealthy</uicontrol> 
                            drop-down list before declaring an instance unhealthy.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the number of successful attempts from the <uicontrol>Passes until healthy</uicontrol> 
                            drop-down list before declaring an instance healthy.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Specify information about the logs generated from the health check activities:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click to select <uicontrol>Enable logging</uicontrol> to turn on the logging feature.</cmd>
                        <info>If left unchecked, the logging feature is disabled and you do not have the ability to specify any information 
                        about your log outputs.</info>
                        <stepresult>Checking the box opens a logging permissions window and displays additional fields below. 
                            The Enable Bucket Access for Logging window prompts for user confirmation to proceed.</stepresult>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>I Understand, Enable Access Logging</uicontrol> to continue.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Specify a bucket to store your logs by selecting one from the <uicontrol>Bucket name</uicontrol> 
                            drop-down list or click <uicontrol>Create bucket</uicontrol> to create a new bucket for storing the logs.</cmd>
                        <stepresult>If creating a new bucket, the Create bucket window opens and
                            prompts for a name. <note>Upon clicking <uicontrol>Create
                                    Bucket</uicontrol>, the system validates the name of the new
                                bucket to ensure it is unique and not already in use. It is very
                                important that each bucket has a unique name across the
                                cloud.</note></stepresult>
                    </substep>
                  <substep>
                      <cmd>Using all lowercase characters, you may optionally enter the path in the <uicontrol>Prefix</uicontrol> 
                          text field to specify the path within the bucket to store your log files.</cmd>
                        <info>If the path is not specified, the location defaults to the bucket's root level.</info>
                        <stepresult>The recommended default interval for capturing logs is pre-populated but you may change it, if necessary.</stepresult>
                    </substep>
                    
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To change the interval, select another one from the <uicontrol>Collection interval</uicontrol> drop-down list.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
                <stepresult>If health check criteria were specified and logging is enabled, they are reflected in the <b>Summary</b> pane on the 
                    right side of the screen.</stepresult>
            </step>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create new load balancer</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                <stepresult>The message, <systemoutput>Successfully created elastic load balancer <varname>[name]</varname></systemoutput> 
                indicates a successful creation of the load balancer.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
