<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="launch_instances_ui_context3">
    <title>Launch a New Instance - Security</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="launch_instances_ui_security_steps">
        <title>Security</title>
        <shortdesc>This tab allows you to specify a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network, key pair and security group that will be
            used by your new instance(s). NOTE: if you create a key pair or security group in this
            section, they will automatically be selected for use in your new instance. </shortdesc>

        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a VPC network from the drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>If a VPC network is selected, the <uicontrol>VPC subnet</uicontrol>
                        and the <uicontrol>Auto-assign public IP</uicontrol> drop-down list boxes display.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a CIDR range from the <uicontrol>VPC subnet</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select whether to enable or disable public IP auto assignment from the
                        <uicontrol>Auto-assign public IP</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a key pair using the <uicontrol>Key name</uicontrol> drop-down list
                        box. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> You can also create a new key pair by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                                a key pair</uicontrol> link.</note></info>

                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You may keep the security group already specified in the <uicontrol>Security group</uicontrol>
                        field, add another one, or specify a different one.</cmd>
                    <info><ul>
                        <li>To specify a different security group, remove the one there by clicking on the <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> 
                            next to the security group's name and add a new one by clicking in the <uicontrol>Security 
                                Group</uicontrol> field and choose one from the list of previously-defined security groups.
                            <note>You can narrow down the list of security groups by typing text directly into the
                                text box.</note> </li>
                        <li> If you select the default security group, make sure that you've added
                            rules to the default security group so that you can access your
                            instances. </li>
                    </ul>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>You can also create a new security group by clicking the <uicontrol>Create security group</uicontrol> link. 
                        This opens the Create Security Group dialog box.</cmd>
              <info> 
                    <note> You may view the rules for the specified security group(s) by clicking 
                        the <uicontrol>+ Rules</uicontrol> control next to each security group to expand it.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally specify an IAM role using the <uicontrol>Role</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> If you select a role, make sure that the correct permissions are
                            defined for that role so that the appropriate level of access is applied
                            to your instance. </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step conref="console_conrefs.dita#console_create_details/optionally_select_advanced">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Otherwise, click the <uicontrol>Launch instance</uicontrol> button. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
  
</task>
