<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="console_config_locating_config_file">
  <title>Locate and Edit the Console Configuration File</title>
  <body>
    <p>The Eucalyptus Console configuration settings are stored in the <codeph>console.ini</codeph>
      file.</p>
  <!--  DOC-2034 documenting the https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eucalyptus/eucaconsole/maint-4.4/conf/console.default.ini 
    version of the console.ini file, which changes a lot!-->
    <p>For Centos and RHEL installations from packages, this file is located in
        <codeph>/etc/eucaconsole/console.ini</codeph>.<note type="important">
        <p>You should always start (or restart) the console when you make changes to the console
          configuration.</p>
        <p>You can start the console using the following command:</p>
        <p>
          <codeblock>systemctl start eucaconsole.service</codeblock>
        </p>
        <p>You can restart the console using the following command:</p>
        <p>
          <codeblock>systemctl restart eucaconsole.service</codeblock>
        </p>
      </note></p>
    <p>The configurable options in the <codeph>[app:main]</codeph> section of the console.ini file are:</p>
    
    <!--ADDed XREF TO CONTROLLED AVAILABILITY DOC-2086-->
    
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="4">
        <colspec
          colnum="1"
          colname="c1"
          colwidth="3.61*"/>
        <colspec
          colnum="2"
          colname="c2"
          colwidth="7.8*"/>
        <colspec
          colnum="3"
          colname="c3"
          colwidth="1.1*"/>
        <colspec
          colnum="4"
          colname="c4"
          colwidth="1*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Property</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
            <entry>Required</entry>
            <entry>Default Value</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>ufshost</entry>
            <entry>Formerly <codeph>clchost</codeph>. The IP address or DNS name of the machine
              running User-Facing Services (UFS), which can be different from the machine running
              the CLC. For S3 downloads to work, <codeph>ufshost</codeph> may not be set to
                <codeph>localhost</codeph>, but specified with the IP or DNS name instead. When the
              console is used with a federated cloud, the <codeph>ufshost</codeph> must be set to
              the DNS name of the UFS.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>localhost</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
          <entry>ufsport</entry>
            <entry>Formerly <codeph>clcport</codeph>.The port of your cloud front end.</entry>
          <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>8773</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>default.region</entry>
            <entry>If the Eucalyptus cloud is configured for federation, set the default region.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>--</entry>
          </row>            
          <row>
            <entry>oidc.hostname</entry>
            <entry>The OpenID Connect (OIDC) hostname for the ident host.<p><b>Note:</b> <ph conref="conrefs.dita#prod/control_avail_oidc"/></p></entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>--</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>oidc.client.ini</entry>
            <entry>The location of a file that contains the OIDC credentials.<p><b>Note:</b>
                <ph conref="conrefs.dita#prod/control_avail_oidc"/></p></entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>/etc/eucaconsole/oidc-credentials.ini</entry>
          </row>            
          <row>
            <entry>oidc.scope</entry>
            <entry>The OIDC scope is specific to your ident provider and is used in a token API
              request.<p><b>Note:</b> <ph conref="conrefs.dita#prod/control_avail_oidc"/></p></entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>urn:globus:auth:scope:auth.globus.org:view_identities openid email profile</entry>
          </row>            
          <row>
            <entry>oidc.console.hostname</entry>
            <entry>The OIDC return URL hostname. Required to be the hostname that this console runs
              as, so callback from the ident provider can return control back to this application.
              If the console is installed on the UFS host, this value would be the same as ufshost
              above. It may be different based on where the console is running.<p><b>Note:</b> <ph conref="conrefs.dita#prod/control_avail_oidc"/></p></entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>localhost</entry>
          </row>            
          <row>
            <entry>oidc.login.button.label</entry>
            <entry>The text that appears on the login button.<p><b>Note:</b> <ph conref="conrefs.dita#prod/control_avail_oidc"/></p></entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>Sign in with Globus Auth</entry>
          </row>            
          <row>
            <entry>help.url</entry>
            <entry>A URL that directs users who select 'help' 
              on the account menu to a help page. You can customize 
              for your installation if you do not want to use the Eucalyptus help system.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>https://support.eucalyptus.com/hc/en-us</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>support.url</entry>
            <entry>A URL given to users who have trouble logging in. It may be used to direct them
              to a cloud admin page or an e-mail address. For example:
              <codeph>support.url=http://your-cloud-admin-portal/</codeph>
              <codeph>support.url=mailto: support@yourdomain.com</codeph></entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>--</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>log.useractions</entry>
            <entry>To log user interaction in the std console log, set this to <codeph>true</codeph>.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>aws.enabled</entry>
            <entry>When set to <codeph>true</codeph>, the AWS tab displays on the login screen.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>true</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>aws.default.region</entry>
            <entry>The name of the region to show by default when the user 
              logs into AWS. Use any value from the <b>Region</b> column recognized by AWS: <xref
                href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#ec2_region"
                scope="external" format="html"
                >http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#ec2_region</xref>
              <p><b>Note:</b> If you log into a multi-region cloud, the system automatically sets a default 
                region based on which ufshost the console is configured to connect to. 
                The console administrator can specify a different value for a user's default region 
                in order to override the natural default, if needed.</p></entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>us-east-1</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>aws.govcloud.enabled</entry>
            <entry>Set to <codeph>true</codeph> to enable the AWS <codeph>us-gov-west-1</codeph> region.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>static.cache.duration</entry>
            <entry>Sets the cache control value for static assets in seconds; defaults to 12
              hours.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>43200</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>browser.password.save</entry>
            <entry>Set to <codeph>true</codeph> to enable browser password saving.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>file.uploads.enabled</entry>
            <entry>Defaults to <codeph>true</codeph> to enable file uploads for S3/Object Storage.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>true</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>connection.ssl.validation</entry>
            <entry>Set to <codeph>true</codeph> to enable validation of the SSL certificate supplied
              by the ufshost (or other endpoint) to secure the connection to the service endpoint.
              Requires a properly-signed cert file.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>connection.ssl.certfile</entry>
            <entry>If certificate validation is enabled, you can specify a different certificate
              file than the boto-supplied default.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>cacerts.txt</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cloudformation.samples.bucket</entry>
            <entry>Set this to a public bucket that contains JSON templates.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>sample-templates</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cloudformation.url.whitelist</entry>
            <entry>List wildcard patterns that represent acceptable URLs.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>http://*, https://*</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>connection.debug</entry>
            <entry>Set to <codeph>true</codeph> to enable very detailed information about communication between 
              the console server and service endpoints. Logs will become cluttered, so do not leave this on under 
              normal operation.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>connection.retries</entry>
            <entry>Sets the number of retires used when issuing requests to service endpoints. 
              Adjusting this higher may reduce UI responsiveness.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>2</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>pyramid.default_locale_name</entry>
            <entry>The default locale if none is specified by the browser user agent.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>en</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>session.key</entry>
            <entry>The session cookie name, which defaults to 'eucaconsole_session'.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>eucaconsole_session</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>session.keyini</entry>
            <entry>The location of a file that contains session encryption keys.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>/etc/eucaconsole/session-keys.ini</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>session.secure</entry>
            <entry>Set to <codeph>true</codeph> to send session cookies over a secure connection
              (e.g., Nginx or a load balancer). Needs to be set to <codeph>false</codeph> if SSL is
              not configured.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>false</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>session.timeout</entry>
            <entry>Sets the idle session timeout in seconds; defaults to 30 minutes. If null, never
              times out.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>1800</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>session.cookie_expires</entry>
            <entry>Sets the absolute session timeout in seconds; defaults to 12 hours. If null,
              never expires. See <xref
                href="http://beaker.readthedocs.org/en/latest/configuration.html" format="html"
                scope="external"/> for more information about session options.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>43200</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cache.memory.url</entry>
            <entry>Set the memory URL used for configuration of regions for dogpile.cache.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>/var/run/eucaconsole/memcached.sock</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cache.short_term.expire</entry>
            <entry>Minimum limit for cache expiry, in seconds.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>60</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cache.default_term.expire</entry>
            <entry>Default for cache expiry, in seconds.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>300</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cache.long_term.expire</entry>
            <entry>Longer term limit for cache expiry, in seconds.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>3600</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cache.extra_long_term.expire</entry>
            <entry>Maximum limit for cache expiry, in seconds.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>43200</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cache.username</entry>
            <entry>Sets a username to be used when SASL authentication 
              is enabled for memcached. If not set, the memcached connection 
              is unauthenticated.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>--</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cache.password</entry>
            <entry>Sets a password to be used when SASL authentication 
              is enabled for memcached. If not set, the memcached connection 
              is unauthenticated.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>--</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>cache.images.disable</entry>
            <entry>If <codeph>true</codeph>, disable EC2 image cache on Eucalyptus. If <codeph>false</codeph>, EC2 image API fetches will be cached for cache.long_term.expire duration.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>true</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <p>The configurable options in the <codeph>[server:main]</codeph> section of the console.ini file are:</p>
    <table>
      <tgroup
        cols="4">
        <colspec
          colnum="1"
          colname="c1"
          colwidth="2.37*"/>
        <colspec
          colnum="2"
          colname="c2"
          colwidth="9.07*"/>
        <colspec
          colnum="3"
          colname="c3"
          colwidth="1.1*"/>
        <colspec
          colnum="4"
          colname="c4"
          colwidth="1*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Property</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
            <entry>Required</entry>
            <entry>Default Value</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>host</entry>
            <entry>Set to <codeph>0.0.0.0</codeph> to allow connections from any host. Set to
                <codeph>127.0.0.1</codeph> to allow connections from localhost only, which is
              preferred if running Nginx.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>127.0.0.1</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>port</entry>
            <entry>The port on which the console can be reached.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>8888</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>workers</entry>
            <entry>The number of worker processes used to service requests. A rule of thumb is
              double the number of cores plus one.</entry>
            <entry>yes</entry>
            <entry>4</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>tmp_upload_dir</entry>
            <entry>Specifies a different directory to be used for file uploads, if set. It should
              have plenty of space to handle large file uploads. Defaults to the system's temp
              directory. The 'eucaconsole' user must have write permission to the directory.</entry>
            <entry>no</entry>
            <entry>/var/tmp</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <p>Logging configuration options are at the end of the console.ini file. For more information on
      these settings, see <xref
        href="http://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/pyramid/en/latest/narr/logging.html"
        format="html" scope="external"/>.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
