<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="manage_image_ui_context">
    <title>Manage Images</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen allows you to view a list of your images and launch
        images from an image. You can page through the list of images by
        clicking the navigation buttons at the bottom of the screen. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    
    <task id="manage_images_ui_change_view_steps">
        <title>Changing the View</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>You can toggle between the table view and the grid view by clicking the appropriate icon next to the <uicontrol>View</uicontrol> label at the top right of the screen.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_images_ui_sorting_steps">
        <title>Sorting the Instances List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Sort the images list by selecting a sort order using the <uicontrol>Sort
                        by</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_images_ui_searching_steps">
        <title>Searching and Filtering the Images List</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To perform a simple search/filter, type some search text into the search
                        text box at the top right of the page.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>For more precise filtering and searching, you can add one or more filters
                        by clicking one of the availabile filters in the <uicontrol>Filter
                            by</uicontrol> section on the right side of the page.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="manage_images_ui_view_details_steps">
        <title>Viewing Details of an Image</title>
        <shortdesc>Several items in the image list allow you to click on them to see more
            detailed information.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>To see more details about an image, or an object associated with an
                instance:</context>
            
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the name/ID in the list of images to display detailed information
                        about the selected image.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="manage_instance_ui_context_menu">
        <title>Actions</title>
        <shortdesc>If an image is available and not in the process of being created (status
            "pending"), each entry in the image list has a context menu, accessible in the
                <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> column. Clicking the action icon brings up a menu of
            actions that you can perform on the selected image.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>The following context menu actions are availabe:</context>
        </taskbody>
        <task id="manage_images_ui_view_instance_details_steps">
            <title>View details</title>
            <shortdesc>This option is available whether the image is available or in the process of
                being created. </shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>This item will bring up the image detail page.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        
        <task id="manage_images_launch_more_steps">
            <title>Launch instance</title>
            <shortdesc>This option is only available if the image is available. </shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Selecting this menu will display a dialog that allows you to launch an instance using the selected image.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="manage_images_launch_config_steps">
            <title>Create launch configuration</title>
            <shortdesc>This option is only available if the image is available. </shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>A launch configuration is used to define the parameters for new
                            images that are launched as part of your auto scaling group.
                            Selecting this menu displays the <uicontrol>Create new launch
                                configuration</uicontrol> wizard. </cmd>
                        <info><note>For more information on Auto Scaling, please see <i>Using Auto
                            Scaling</i> in the <i>Eucalyptus User Guide</i>.</note></info>
                        
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
           
            </task>
            <task id="manage_images_remove_from_cloud">
                <title>Remove from cloud</title>
                <shortdesc>The Remove from cloud option is used to clean up images that are no
                longer needed. Once removed, it will become de-registered but can be re-registered
                if its snapshot has not been deleted. This option is only available if the image is
                available. </shortdesc>
                <taskbody>
                    <steps>
                        <step>
                            <cmd>Selecting this menu displays the <uicontrol>Remove image from cloud</uicontrol> confirmation window. </cmd>                            
                        </step>
                        <step>
                            <cmd>To confirm, click <uicontrol>Yes, Remove Image from the Cloud</uicontrol>. </cmd>                            
                        </step>
                    </steps>
                </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>
</task>
