<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_scaling_policy_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create Scaling Policy</title>
    <shortdesc> An Auto Scaling policy defines how to perform scaling actions in response to CloudWatch
        alarms. Auto scaling policies can either scale-in, which terminates instances in your
        Auto Scaling group, or scale-out, which will launch new instances in your Auto Scaling
        group. For more information on Auto Scaling, please see <i>Using Auto Scaling</i> in
        the <i>Eucalyptus User Guide</i>. </shortdesc>

        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type a name for the scaling policy in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select an action type using the <uicontrol>Action</uicontrol> control. The
                        action specifies what to do when a scaling condition is met.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the numerical unit for the scaling action in the
                            <uicontrol>Amount</uicontrol> text box. This value is used in
                        conjunction with the value entered in the <uicontrol>Measure</uicontrol>
                        control to determine how many instances to scale for this policy.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the measure for the scaling action using the
                            <uicontrol>Measure</uicontrol> control. This can be either a number of
                        instances (for example: 'scale up by 2 instances') or a percentage value
                        (for example: 'scale down by 10 percent').</cmd>
                </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The cooldown period is the amount of time after the previous alarm-related scaling activity ends before new alarm-related scaling
                    activities can start. Use the <uicontrol>Cooldown period (seconds)</uicontrol> widget to specify a cooldown period.</cmd>
            </step>
                <step>
                    <note importance="normal">A CloudWatch alarm cannot be associated with more than
                        5 scaling policies.</note>
                    <cmd>Select a CloudWatch alarm from the <uicontrol>Alarm</uicontrol> control.
                        You can click the <uicontrol>Create Alarm</uicontrol> link to display the
                            <uicontrol>Create Alarm</uicontrol> dialog. Auto Scaling uses CloudWatch
                        alarms to determine when to take scaling actions.</cmd>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>

    <task id="create_scaling_policy_ui_help_steps_finishing">
        <title>Saving the Scaling Group</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Once you're satisfied with the properties you've defined for your scaling
                        policy, click the <uicontrol>Add Policy</uicontrol> button to
                        save your work, or click the <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> button to cancel.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>For more information on Auto Scaling, see Eucalyptus User Guide.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
