<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="load_balancer_details_health_check">
    <title>Load Balancer Details - Health check</title>
    <shortdesc> This page allows you to view and edit various health checks associated with monitoring a load balancer. 
        Any instances that fail the health check will be automatically removed from the load balancer.</shortdesc>
    <task id="load_balancer_delete" conref="console_load_balancer_detail_actions_menu.dita#console_load_balancer_detail_actions_menu">
        <title>Actions menu</title>
    </task>
    
    <task id="load_balancer_details_health_check_settings">
        <title>Ping settings</title>
        <taskbody>
    <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Change the settings for pinging your instances:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select a protocol from the <uicontrol>Protocol</uicontrol> drop-down list.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the port in the <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> text field.</cmd>
                        <info>The port may be populated with a common default port for a chosen protocol 
                            but you can change the port, if neccessary.</info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>For http or https protocols, you may enter the path of the ping in the
                            <uicontrol>Path</uicontrol> text field.</cmd>
                        <info>TCP and SSL protocols do not display this field.</info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Optionally, you can click <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol> to expand the health check timing options.</cmd> 
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the time in seconds in the <uicontrol>Response timeout (secs)</uicontrol> text field to specify 
                    how long to wait for a ping response before it times out.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the desired ping interval from the <uicontrol>Time between pings</uicontrol> drop-down list.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Specify the thresholds for declaring the health of instances:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the number of failed attempts from the <uicontrol>Failures until unhealthy</uicontrol> 
                            drop-down list before declaring an instance unhealthy.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the number of successful attempts from the <uicontrol>Passes until healthy</uicontrol> 
                            drop-down list before declaring an instance healthy.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol> to save your changes or <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> to abandon your changes.</cmd>
                <stepresult>The message, <systemoutput>Successfully updated health checks for <varname>[name]</varname></systemoutput> 
                    indicates changes saved successfully.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
</task>
