<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_instances">
    <title>Create Load Balancer - Instances</title>
    <shortdesc> This step allows you to associate availability zones (or VPC subnets, if cloud is VPC) 
        and add instances to your new load balancer. Adding availability zones allows the load balancer 
        to route traffic to instances in the selected zone(s). Similarly, if on a VPC network, adding a 
        VPC subnet allows traffic to instances in the selected VPC subnet(s).</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add availability zones</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Add VPC subnets</uicontrol> text field to 
                        search and select a zone or subnet from the drop-down list. Repeat to add more availability zones or subnets.</cmd>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>The ability to select <uicontrol>Enable cross-zone load balancing</uicontrol> is only present for a load balancer not on a VPC network. 
                        This option evenly distributes traffic across all instances in all availability zones.</cmd> 
                </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select from the list of instances to specify between which instances to balance traffic.</cmd>
                        <info>You may use the Magic Search bar to narrow down the list of instances
                    by specifying the availability zone (or VPC subnet), security group, or
                    status.</info>
                        <stepresult>Selecting an instance automatically adds that instance to the
                    availability zone or VPC subnet field above and the number of instances selected
                    is reflected in the <b>Summary</b> pane on the right side of the
                    screen.</stepresult>
                    </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to proceed to the Health Check &amp; Advanced tab.</cmd>
                       </step>
               </steps>
        </taskbody>
</task>