<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="stack_detail_ui_context">
    <title>Stack Detail</title>
    <shortdesc> This page allows you to view details and delete the stack.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="stack_detail_general">
        <title>General tab</title>
        <shortdesc>The General tab displays a variety of information about the stack. All the information in this window is non-editable.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps-unordered>
                <step>
                    <cmd>The <b>Stack</b> section shows the name of the stack, the ID associated with the stack, when it was created and its current status.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>The <b>Tags</b> section shows up to 10 user-defined tags to associate with this stack, represented by key/value pairs. 
                        Tags defined for the stack are propagated to EC2 resources that are created as part of the stack.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>The <b>Outputs</b> section displays the values declared in response to <i>describe-stack</i> calls that can be easily read in a string form. 
                        These values are those in the stack that are not otherwise displayed, like resource attributes.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>The <b>Resources</b> section lists the various resources used in the stack, such as auto scaling groups, security groups, 
                    load balancers, launch configurations, and so on.</cmd>
                </step>
                </steps-unordered>
        </taskbody>
    
        <task id="stack_detail_ui_context_menu">
            <title>Actions menu</title>
            <shortdesc>Clicking the down arrow from the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> menu allows you to delete the stack.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody/>
            <task id="stack_detail_general_delete">
                <title>Delete a stack</title>
                
                <taskbody>
                    <context>To delete a stack:</context>
                    <steps>
                        <step>
                            <cmd>Click the<uicontrol> Actions</uicontrol> menu and select<uicontrol> Delete</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                        </step>
                        <step>
                            <cmd>When the confirmation dialog box displays, click the <uicontrol>Yes, Delete Stack</uicontrol> button
                                to confirm the deletion. Otherwise, close the confirmation dialog box to cancel. </cmd>
                        </step>
                    </steps>
                </taskbody>
            </task>
        </task>
    </task>
        
        <task id="stack_detail_template">
            <title>Template tab</title>
            <shortdesc>The Template tab displays information about the template used to create the stack.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
               <steps-unordered>
                   <step>
                       <cmd>The <b>Template</b> section provides a desription of the template used to create the stack.</cmd>
                   </step>
                  <step>
                      <cmd>The <b>Parameters</b> section displays the set of values provided when creating the stack that match 
                          the parameters defined in the template.</cmd>
                  </step>
               </steps-unordered>
            </taskbody>
        </task>


<task id="stack_detail_events">
            <title>Events tab</title>
            <shortdesc>The Events tab lists each event that took place in creation of a stack.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <steps-unordered>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Use the Magic search bar to filter the events you want to view.</cmd>
                        <info>Status and Physical ID are examples of event criteria that can be specified. Additionally, you 
                        can filter by typing in text similar to searching by keywords.</info>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Timestamp</b> column shows the date and time in which the event associated with the status occured.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Status Reason</b> column shows any reason for an exception of an event to occur on a particular action made on the stack.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Status</b> column shows the current state of a particular resource applied to the stack. 
                            For example, the action associated with establighing a load balancer for the stack is identified as its own event.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>The <b>Physical ID</b> column provides an active link (if available) to the resource created that triggered the event.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps-unordered>
               
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>
