<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="console_upgrade_console">
    <title>Upgrade the Management Console</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic describes how to upgrade the Management Console.</shortdesc>
    
    <taskbody>
        <prereq><b>Prerequisites</b>
            <ul>
                <li>If you are upgrading the Management Console to RHEL / CentOS 7, it is important to
                    back up the configuration you have on RHEL / CentOS 6 so you can restore it after
                    you re-install it on RHEL /CentOS 7.</li>
                <li>If you are upgrading when deploying the Management Console behind a load balancer
                    (ELB), see <xref href="console_upgrade_deploy_elb.dita"/>.</li>
                <li>The following instructions assume you have already successfully configured the
                    Eucalyptus Management Console for Nginx in a previous version of Eucalyptus.</li>
            </ul></prereq>
        
        <context><!--IMPORTANT NOTE TO WRITER: This is specific to RHEL 7 OS upgrade coincident with Euca upgrade. 
            This text will need to be edited / removed in the future. DOC-1924 -->
            <p><note type="important">During the upgrade process from 4.2 to 4.3, you will upgrade the Management Console from 4.2 to
                4.3 on RHEL / CentOS 6 following the normal process. After that, you will need to do
                a fresh install of RHEL / CentOS 7 on the same host machine, wiping out RHEL /
                CentOS 6 and eucaconsole 4.3. Then you re-install eucaconsole 4.3.</note></p>
            
            <p><b>To upgrade the Eucalyptus Management Console</b></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Stop the eucaconsole service, if running:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>On a RHEL 6 host machine:</p>
                    <codeblock>service eucaconsole stop</codeblock>
                    <p>On a RHEL 7 host machine:</p>
                    <codeblock>systemctl stop eucaconsole.service</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
            <cmd>Stop the Nginx service, if running:</cmd>
            <info>
                <p>On a RHEL 6 host machine:</p>
                <codeblock>service nginx stop</codeblock>
                <p>On a RHEL 7 host machine:</p>
                <codeblock>systemctl stop nginx.service</codeblock>
            </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you are upgrading the OS to RHEL / CentOS 7, back up the console
                    configuration files. See <xref
                        href="../admin-guide/backup_euca.dita#backup_euca"/>. (This is where you'd
                    upgrade the OS on the host machine.)</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the following command to install the new Eucalyptus Management Console repository:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>On a RHEL 6 host machine:</p>
                    <codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/eucalyptus_download_during_upgrade"/></codeblock>
                    <p>On a RHEL 7 host machine:</p>
                    <codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/eucalyptus_download"/></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Upgrade eucaconsole or remove and install eucaconsole, if desired:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>yum upgrade eucaconsole</codeblock> or 
                    <p><codeblock>yum remove eucaconsole</codeblock></p> then 
                    <p><codeblock>yum install eucaconsole</codeblock></p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you just upgraded the OS to RHEL / CentOS 7, perform the console
                    configuration restore now. See <xref
                        href="../admin-guide/euca_recover.dita#euca_recover"/>.</cmd>
            </step>
<!--            NOT SURE ABOUT THE RESTORE STEP ABOVE WRT THE STEPS BELOW
-->            <step>
                <cmd>Make a backup copy of the old <codeph>/etc/nginx/nginx.conf</codeph> file and replace it with a new one:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>mv /etc/nginx/nginx.conf /etc/nginx/nginx.conf.bak</codeblock>
                    <codeblock>cp /etc/eucaconsole/nginx.conf /etc/nginx/nginx.conf</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Uncomment the 'listen' directive and uncomment/modify the SSL certificate paths in
                    <codeph>/etc/nginx/nginx.conf</codeph> (search for "SSL configuration"). For example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock># SSL configuration
# SSL configuration
ssl_protocols TLSv1 TLSv1.1 TLSv1.2;
listen 443 ssl;
ssl_certificate &lt;path to euca console cert file>;
#EXAMPLE: 
#ssl_certificate /etc/eucaconsole/console.crt;
ssl_certificate_key &lt;path to euca console key file>;
#EXAMPLE: 
#ssl_certificate_key /etc/eucaconsole/console.key;

# end of SSL configuration</codeblock>
                    
                </info>
                <info>
                    <note> Self-signing certificates are automatically generated by default. To change this 
                        to use your own certificates, see <xref
                            href="console_config_ssl_certs.dita"/>.
                    </note>
                    
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                    <cmd>Edit the <codeph>/etc/eucaconsole/console.ini</codeph> file:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Locate the <codeph>session.secure =</codeph> parameter 
                                and change its value from <codeph>false</codeph> to <codeph>true</codeph>, per this example:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>session.secure = true</codeblock>
                                <note>If HTTPS is used, meaning Nginx is configured to use port 443,
                                the <codeph>session.secure</codeph> setting must equal
                                    <codeph>true</codeph>.</note>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Locate the <codeph>[server:main]</codeph> section. If the host setting
                                under <codeph>[server:main]</codeph>is set to <codeph>0.0.0.0</codeph>,
                                connections are accepted from anywhere. If the UI proxy is used behind
                                nginx on the same host, you can configure the proxy to listen on
                                localhost only, by setting it to <codeph>127.0.0.1</codeph>, per this
                                example:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>[server:main]
use = egg:gunicorn#main
host = 127.0.0.1
port = 8888</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Start eucaconsole using the following command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>On a RHEL 6 host machine:</p>
                    <codeblock>service eucaconsole start</codeblock>
                    <p>On a RHEL 7 host machine:</p>
                    <codeblock>systemctl start eucaconsole.service</codeblock>
                </info>
                <info><note><b>This command starts nginx automatically. There is no need to run nginx manually.</b></note></info>
                <stepresult>Your upgrade is now complete.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>You may now access your Management Console by pointing your web browser to the IP address for your console:
                    <codeph>https:<i>//yourconsole_ip_address</i></codeph></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        
    </taskbody>
   
</task>
