<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="instance_details_monitoring">
    <title>Instance Details - Monitoring</title>
        <shortdesc>This tab allows you to view and create alarms based on criteria you define, and provides a graphical view of various data points being monitored for your instance.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    
    <task id="instance_details_monitoring_alarms">
        <title>Alarms</title>
        <shortdesc>This section displays a list of configured alarms and allows you to create a new alarm.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To view the details of currently configured CloudWatch alarms, expand it by clicking the plus symbol <uicontrol>(+)</uicontrol> next to  
                        the Cloudwatch alarms summary.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The expanded view displays the state of each alarm, the alarm name, and their thresholds.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To create a new alarm you must first select a metric, unless you are within the scaling policy creation workflow:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create Alarm</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                            <stepresult>An instructional message opens.</stepresult>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Either close the message and view a metric from the Monitoring tab of any resource's Details page or click the
                                <uicontrol>Take Me to the Metrics Landing Page</uicontrol> button to be taken directly to the Metrics page.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select a metric to view and click <uicontrol>Create Alarm</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                            <stepresult>The Create alarm page opens. Refer to the Help in the Create alarm page for further instructions.</stepresult>
                        </substep>
                        
                    </substeps>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
        <task id="instances_details_monitoring_actions" conref="console_conrefs.dita#instances_details_monitoring_ui_context_menu">
        <title/>
    </task>
        <task id="instances_detail_monitoring_ui_view_graphs">
                    <title>CloudWatch metrics</title>
                    <shortdesc>This part of the page displays the CloudWatch data when you enabled monitoring for your instance.</shortdesc>
                    <taskbody>
                        <steps>
                            <step id="instance_monitoring_graphs">
                <cmd>The graphs displayed by default are:</cmd>
                <choices>
                    <choice><b>CPU utilization %</b>. Represents the percentage of processing power
                        currently in use by the instance.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Disk read bytes</b>. The amount of data that is being read from the instance's hard disk.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Disk read operations</b>. The number of read operations that has completed on all ephemeral disks available to the instance.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Disk write bytes</b>. The amount of data that is being written to the instance's hard disk.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Disk write operations</b>. The number of write operations that has completed on all ephemeral disks available to the instance.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Network in</b>. The amount of incoming network traffic to an application on this instance.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Network out</b>. The amount of outgoing network traffic to an application on this instance.</choice>
                </choices>
                <info>Each of the graphs default to the <i>average</i> statistic for the best output results.</info>
            </step>
            <step conref="console_conrefs.dita#monitoring/ways_to_view_graphs">
                <cmd/>
            </step>
        </steps>
                    </taskbody>
                </task>
    </task>
