<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="load_balancer_details_monitoring">
    <title>Load Balancer Details - Monitoring</title>
    <shortdesc>This tab provides a graphical view of various data points being monitored for your load balancer. 
    This tab opens as the default view when launched from the load balancers landing page.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Filter the data by the range of time you want to view by selecting it from 
                    the <uicontrol>Show data for</uicontrol> drop down list box.</cmd>
                <info>If the graphs do not refresh, click the <uicontrol>↻</uicontrol> (circular arrow) icon.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The graphs displayed by default are:</cmd>
                <choices>
                    <choice><b>Sum request count</b>. The total number of completed requests that were received and routed to the 
                        registered instances. Defaults to the <i>sum</i> statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Avg latency (MS)</b>. The average elapsed time (in milliseconds) between a request from the load balancer 
                        and when a response is received. Defaults to the <i>average</i> statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Unhealthy hosts</b>. The number of unhealthy instances in each Availability Zone as it exceeds the 
                        unhealthy threshold defined for the health checks. If load balancing is enabled across zones, the number of 
                        unhealthy instances is based on the health criteria across all Availability Zones. Use the <i>average</i> 
                        statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Healthy hosts</b>. The number of healthy instances in each Availability Zone as defined by the healthy  
                        threshold. If load balancing is enabled across zones, the number of healthy instances 
                        is based on the health criteria across all Availability Zones. Use the <i>average</i> 
                        statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Sum ELB 4xxs</b>. When the listener is configured to use HTTP or HTTPS protocols, this metric represents 
                        the number of HTTP 4XX <i>client</i> error codes generated by the load balancer when a request is malformed or incomplete. 
                        Defaults to the <i>sum</i> statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Sum ELB 5xxs</b>. When the listener is configured to use HTTP or HTTPS protocols, this metric represents 
                        the number of HTTP 5XX <i>server</i> error codes generated by the load balancer if there are no healthy instances registered, 
                        or if the request rate exceeds the capacity of the instances or the load balancer. Defaults to the <i>sum</i> statistic for 
                        the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Sum HTTP 2xxs</b>. The number of HTTP response codes generated by registered instances but not by the load balancer. 
                        Defaults to the <i>sum</i> statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Sum HTTP 3xxs</b>. The number of HTTP response codes generated by registered instances but not by the load balancer. 
                        Defaults to the <i>sum</i> statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Sum HTTP 4xxs</b>. The number of HTTP response codes generated by registered instances but not by the load balancer. 
                        Defaults to the <i>sum</i> statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                    <choice><b>Sum HTTP 5xxs</b>. The number of HTTP response codes generated by registered instances but not by the load balancer. 
                        Defaults to the <i>sum</i> statistic for the best output results.</choice>
                </choices>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The various ways to view the data in the graphs are:</cmd>
                <choices>
                    <choice>Click on a graph to expand it.</choice>
                    <choice>Hover inside the graph to display a read-out of data-points desired.</choice>
                    <choice>Use the drop-down list boxes for <uicontrol>Statistic</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Show data for</uicontrol>, and 
                        <uicontrol>Measurement period</uicontrol> to focus in on specific set of data points. For example, 
                        to view the combined number of healthy hosts within the last hour in 5-minute readings, select <b>Sum</b> from  
                        <uicontrol>Statistic</uicontrol>, <b>Last hour</b> from <uicontrol>Show data for</uicontrol>, and <b>5 minutes</b> 
                        from <uicontrol>Measurement period</uicontrol>.</choice>
                </choices>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>