<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="scaling_group_detail_scale_history">
    <title>Scaling Group Detail - Scaling History</title>
    <shortdesc> This tab displays a running history of scaling activities occurring on the selected
        scaling group. All the information displayed is non-editable:</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
               <steps-unordered>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use the Magic search bar to filter the history data you want to view.</cmd>
                <info>Status is an criteria that can be specified, for example. Additionally, you
                    can filter by typing in text similar to searching by keywords.</info>
                <info>You can also sort the table by most recent occurrences, or alphabetically by
                    status or descriptor, by selecting an option from the <uicontrol>Sort
                        by</uicontrol> drop-down menu.</info>
            </step>            
            <step>
                <cmd>The <b>Status</b> column shows the state of the events associated with the selected scaling group. </cmd>
                <info>Possible states can be: Successful, In progress, Not yet in service, Failed, Canceled, Waiting for launch, 
                    and Waiting for terminate.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The <b>Description</b> column describes the event associated with the selected
                    scaling group. For example, the action associated with launching an instance
                    within the scaling group is identified as its own event.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The <b>Start Time</b> column shows the start time and date for which the event associated with the status occurred.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The <b>End Time</b> column shows the time and date for which the event associated with the status completed.</cmd>
            </step>
            
        </steps-unordered>
        <result>For more information on Auto Scaling, see <i>Eucalyptus User Guide.</i></result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
