<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="object_detail_ui_context">
    <title>Object Details</title>
    <shortdesc> This page allows you to perform a variety of operations associated with objects within buckets.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="object_detail_ui_object">
        <title>Object summary</title>
        <shortdesc>The Object section provides a summary of the object, including its identifiers and a link to view it.
            The object <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> is the only editable field but its extension cannot be changed. </shortdesc>
        
    </task>
    <task id="object_detail_ui_context_menu">
        <title>Actions menu</title>
        <shortdesc>Clicking the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> menu displays the options to download, copy, or delete the object.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody/>
        <task id="object_detail_general_download">
            <title>Download object</title>
            <taskbody>
                <context>The <uicontrol>Download</uicontrol> option allows you to download the object to a specified location on your local file system. 
                    A copy of the file remains on S3 until it is deleted from S3 itself.</context>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="object_detail_general_copy">
            <title>Copy object</title>
            <taskbody>
                <context>The <uicontrol>Copy</uicontrol> option allows you to copy an object along with all of its attributes from one bucket to another.</context>
                <result>If copying an object to the same bucket, change the object's metadata, storage class, website redirect location or encryption attributes first.</result>
                
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="object_detail_general_delete">
            <title>Delete an object</title>
            <taskbody>
                <context>The <uicontrol>Delete</uicontrol> option allows you to delete the object.</context>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
    </task>
    <task id="object_detail_ui_edit_metadata">
        <title>Edit object metadata</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>Each object has a set of attributes. These attributes identify the object by
                its key and contain metadata about its size, creation and modified dates, encoding
                type, encryption, and other pieces of information that allow S3 to process it.
                Metadata can be system-defined or user-defined. <p>For more information about object
                    metadata, go to <xref format="html" scope="external"
                        href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/UsingMetadata.html">
                        Object Key and Metadata</xref>.</p><p>To edit object metadata, you can
                    delete existing metadata or add a metadata pair:</p></context>
           <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To add a metadata pair:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select a key from the <uicontrol>Key</uicontrol> drop-down list box
                                or define your own key by typing it in the <uicontrol>Key</uicontrol> 
                                search field and click <uicontrol>Add metadata</uicontrol> from the list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select a value for the selected key from the <uicontrol>Value</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add Metadata Pair</uicontrol> to acknowledge
                                the message and continue.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To remove an existing metadata pair, click the <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> 
                        next to the pair listed under the Metadata heading.</cmd>
                </step>
           </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
<task id="object_detail_ui_edit_sharing">
    <title>Edit the sharing settings</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>The sharing settings dictate whether a particular account has acccess your object.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>To edit the sharing settings, select from the following:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Public</uicontrol> to allow everyone access to your
                                object.</cmd>
                        <info>Newly-created objects have a default sharing setting of Public. You
                                can change an object's sharing setting to private. See the Example
                                section of this help page.</info>
                        <info><note type="important">Making an object (or file) public means anyone who has the URL 
                            can access the object, even if they are not authenticated users.</note></info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Private</uicontrol> to allow only those
                            specified to access your object.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The Share with others section displays only if <uicontrol>Private</uicontrol> 
                        was chosen as the Sharing option for this object.</stepresult>
                        </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Specify access control parameters by performing the following:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Use canned ACL</uicontrol> to use a
                            pre-defined Access Control List established by your
                            organization. </cmd>
                        
                        <info>
                            <note>For more information about ACL, go to <xref format="html"
                                scope="external" href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/acl-overview.html"> 
                                Access Control List (ACL) Overview.</xref></note>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To change to another pre-defined ACL, select an ACL from the <uicontrol>Use canned ACL</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select <uicontrol>Manually define sharing</uicontrol> to grant only specific accounts certain 
                            levels of access to your object.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <note>In order to manually define sharing with other accounts, specify that account with an account ID 
                                or an email address associated with a user in the account. To obtain an account ID, coordinate with the owners
                                or administrators of those accounts. Otherwise, specifying an email address of a user in the account will 
                                effectively grant access to everyone in that account.</note>
                            <note>You can remove an existing account and permission pair by clicking on the
                                <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> next to the pair listed under the
                                <uicontrol>Manually define sharing</uicontrol> option.</note>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the 12-digit account ID or email address of a user in the account in the <uicontrol>Account</uicontrol> field. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Select the appropriate level of access for the account by
                            selecting it from the <uicontrol>Permissions</uicontrol>
                            drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add Account</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Add another account</uicontrol> button
                            (if one or more accounts were already present) to add it
                            to the list of accounts with which your object is shared.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When done, click the <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol> button to save
                    your work, or click <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> to abandon your
                    changes.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
<task id="object_detail_ui_edit_example">
    <title>Example</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>In this example, change an object marked public to private: </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>From the Sharing section, select the <uicontrol>Private</uicontrol> option.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> next to the <codeph>AllUsers: READ</codeph> account-permission pair listed under the
                    <uicontrol>Manually define sharing</uicontrol> option to remove it.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Save Changes</uicontrol> button to save your changes.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
</task>
