<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create Load Balancer - General</title>
    <shortdesc> This wizard allows you to create a new load balancer. A load balancer allows you to
        automatically balance incoming traffic among a predefined group of instances, ensuring that
        requests are sent to an instance that has the capacity to serve them. For more information
        on load balancers, please see <i>Using Elastic Load Balancing</i> in the <i>Eucalyptus User
            Guide</i>.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_steps_general">
        <title>General</title>
        <shortdesc>This section is where you specify the basic configuration of your new load
            balancer.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type the name of your load balancer in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>Define listener(s) for your load balancer.</cmd>
                    <stepxmp>A listener checks the connection requests from the client 
                        to the load balancer (client-side) and ports that the load balancer 
                        uses to monitor and route incoming traffic to the load balancer's 
                        registered instances (instance-side). A default listener is
                        pre-defined with an HTTP protocol port 80 on the client and the instance
                        side. You may delete a listener but you must define at least one listener 
                        to properly configure a load balancer.</stepxmp>
                    <info>To delete a listener, click the <uicontrol>Remove listener</uicontrol> icon 
                        (a minus sign in a circle) next to the one you want to remove.</info>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To add a listener, scroll past the table (if a listener is already defined) and select an 
                            option from the <uicontrol>Protocol</uicontrol> drop-down list box for the CLIENT SIDE.
                            </cmd>
                        <stepresult>The client-side port may be populated with a common default port for a chosen protocol 
                            but you can change the port, if neccessary.</stepresult>
                    </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>If not already populated, or you want to change the client-side port, enter the port number in the
                                    <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                            <info>Ports assigned for the client-side must be either 25, 80, 443, 465, 587 or from 1024 to 65535 and 
                                may not already be in use.</info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>On the INSTANCE SIDE, select the protocol from the <uicontrol>Protocol</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>If not already auto-populated, enter the number of the instance-side port into the
                                    <uicontrol>Port</uicontrol> text box.
                            </cmd>
                        </substep>
                </substeps>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
        <task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_steps_general_security">
            <title>Security Policy</title>
            <shortdesc>The ability to apply a security policy is only available if HTTPS or SSL is specified as the protocol.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>The latest existing security policy is displayed by default next to Policy in the Security area 
                        but you may change it by clicking <uicontrol>Change</uicontrol>.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The Select security policy window opens.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select from the available security options:</cmd>
                    <choices>
                        <choice><uicontrol>Choose a predefined security policy</uicontrol>
                            and select a policy from the <uicontrol>Policy
                                name</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</choice>
                    </choices>
                    <info><note>For more information on pre-defined security policies, go to AWS
                        <xref
                            href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ElasticLoadBalancing/latest/DeveloperGuide/elb-security-policy-table.html"
                            scope="external" format="html">Predefined SSL Security Policies for Elastic Load Balancing</xref>
                    </note> OR </info>
                    <choices>
                        <choice><uicontrol>Create a custom security policy</uicontrol>. Choosing this option opens the <uicontrol>SSL
                            PROTOCOLS</uicontrol> and the <uicontrol>SSL CIPHERS</uicontrol>
                            drop-down list box with values pre-populated.
                        </choice>
                    </choices>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>To delete any of the pre-populated values, click the
                                <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> next to the value(s) you do not
                                want.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd>To add or select another protocol, click in the
                                    <uicontrol>SSL PROTOCOLS</uicontrol> field and select
                                    one from the drop-down list box.</cmd>
                            </substep>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd>To add or select another encryption algorithm, click in the
                                    <uicontrol>SSL CIPHERS</uicontrol> field and select one
                                    from the drop-down list box. </cmd>
                                <info><note>You must specify at least
                                    one protocol and one encryption algorithm.</note></info>
                            </substep>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd>In the SSL OPTIONS, click to select <uicontrol>Server order preference</uicontrol> if you want it 
                                    for SSL negotiation.</cmd>
                            </substep>
                            <substep>
                                <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Use This Policy</uicontrol> button to select
                                    the defined security policy.</cmd>
                                <stepresult>The Select security policy window closes and the specified policy is displayed next to the Policy field. </stepresult>
                            </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
        
       <task id="Certificate">
           <title>Certificate</title>
           <shortdesc>The ability to apply a security certificate is only available if HTTPS or SSL is specified as the protocol.</shortdesc>
           <taskbody>
               <steps>
                   <step>
                       <note>Skip this step if you want to continue using a certificate that is already installed on your load balancer.</note>
                       <cmd>To select a certificate, if available, click <uicontrol>Select</uicontrol> next to Certificates.</cmd>
                   </step>
                   <step>
                       <cmd>If a certificate is already assigned and you want to change it, click <uicontrol>Change</uicontrol> instead.</cmd>
                   <stepresult>Choosing this option opens the Select certificate(s) window.
                           <note>Tabs display for SSL and Backend only if the instance side uses HTTPS or SSL protocol.</note></stepresult>
                   </step>
                   <step>
                       
                   <cmd>Select from the available options for assigning a certificate to your load balancer:</cmd>
                       <choices>
                           <choice><uicontrol>Choose an existing SSL certificate </uicontrol>from the <uicontrol>Certificate Name</uicontrol> 
                               drop down list, if available.
                               <note>If one is not available, upload a new certificate.</note>
                           </choice>
                           <choice><uicontrol>Upload a new SSL certificate</uicontrol>. Choosing this option opens a form to upload a new certificate:</choice>
                       </choices>
                           <substeps>
                       <substep>
                               <cmd>Type the name of the new certificate in the <uicontrol>Certificate name</uicontrol> text field.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>Paste the contents of your public key certificate file in the <uicontrol>Public key certificate</uicontrol> text field. 
                                   Refer to the bubble help <uicontrol>(?)</uicontrol> for additional details.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>Paste the contents of your private key certificate file in the <uicontrol>Private key</uicontrol> text field. 
                                   Refer to the bubble help <uicontrol>(?)</uicontrol> for additional details.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>Enter the contents of your certificate chain file in the <uicontrol>Certificate chain</uicontrol> text field.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>To specify certificates for the backend, click the <uicontrol>Back end</uicontrol> tab. Otherwise, click the 
                                   <uicontrol>Use This Certificate</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                               <stepresult>Choosing to specify the backend certificate(s) opens another form that may already be populated with pre-loaded certificates.
                                   <note>Backend certificates are used to ensure added security measures between your load balancers and its communication with your server. 
                                       Backend certificates are optional, but you may add multiple certificates on this form.</note></stepresult>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>To delete any of the pre-populated certificates, click the <uicontrol>x</uicontrol> next to the 
                                   cetificate(s) you do not want.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>To add or select another certificate, click <uicontrol>Add a certificate</uicontrol> or 
                                   <uicontrol>Add another certificate</uicontrol>, respectively.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>Type the name of the new certificate in the <uicontrol>Certificate name</uicontrol> text field.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>Paste the contents of your certificate file in the <uicontrol>Body (pem encoded)</uicontrol> text field.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add Certificate</uicontrol> button to add it.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Use These Certificates</uicontrol> button to apply the certificates to your load balancer.</cmd>
                               <stepresult>The Select certificate(s) window closes and the specified certificate(s) is displayed next to the Certificates field. </stepresult>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>After listeners have been declared, click the <uicontrol>Add Listener</uicontrol> button to continue.</cmd>
                               <stepresult>The entries for your new load balancer is recorded in the Summary panel located on the 
                                   right side of the screen.</stepresult>
                           </substep>
                           <substep>
                               <cmd>To add more listeners, repeat the above steps.</cmd>
                           </substep>
                           </substeps>

                   </step>
                 
                       <step>
                           <cmd>To apply tags, proceed to the next section. Otherwise, click
                               <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> to proceed to the Network &amp; Security tab.</cmd>
                       </step>
               </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="tags" conref="console_add_edit_tags_in_place.dita#console_add_edit_tags_in_place">
        <title>Tags</title>
    </task>
        </task>
    </task>
</task>
