<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="console_configure_nginx">
    <title>Run the Management Console on nginx</title>
    <shortdesc>Nginx is a web server that manages SSL connections, and acts as a reverse proxy server, which redirects http protocol to https protocol. </shortdesc>
    <task id="console_configure_ssl_certs">
        <title>Enable nginx to Start with eucaconsole</title>
    <shortdesc>When you install the Management Console, nginx is installed automatically. By default, the console is configured to use 
        secure HTTP to allow secure connections from a web server to a browser. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <ul>
                <li>No procedure is required to enable nginx to start with eucaconsole, as it is part of the standard console installation and 
                    execution process.</li>
                <li>You may disable nginx, see <xref href="#console_config_ssl_certs/console_disable_nginx" type="section"/>.</li>
                <li>If you edit any of the parameters in the nginx.conf file, you must first stop the eucaconsole service and restart it for the changes to take effect:
                <codeblock>service eucaconsole stop 
service eucaconsole restart</codeblock></li>
            </ul>
            
        </context>
      
    </taskbody>
</task>
    
    <task id="console_use_own_certs">
        
        <title>Use Your Own Certificates</title>
        <shortdesc>The Management Console generates self-signed certificates by default but can use your own certifcates to run the console instead.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p>This procedure involves copying over your certificate files: </p>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Stop eucaconsole and nginix, using the single command:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>service eucaconsole stop</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Edit the file <codeph>/etc/sysconfig/eucaconsole</codeph> to add:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>GENERATE_CERT=NO</codeblock></info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Copy your certificates file from <codeph>cert/key</codeph> to 
                        <codeph>/etc/eucaconsole/console.key</codeph> and <codeph>/etc/eucaconsole/console.crt</codeph>.</cmd>
                    <info><note>The path shown above are the default locations for the certificate files. 
                        You may place them in another location if you prefer, but you must edit the
                                <codeph>ssl_certificate</codeph> and the
                                <codeph>ssl_certificate_key</codeph> in
                                <codeph>/etc/nginx/nginx.conf</codeph> to point to the correct
                            location.</note></info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Start the eucaconsole service:</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock>service eucaconsole start</codeblock></info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="console_disable_nginx">
        
        <title>Disable nginx from Starting with eucaconsole</title>
        <shortdesc>You can run the console without running nginx if you prefer.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p>To disable nginx, perform the following: </p>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Make sure to stop the eucaconsole service:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>service eucaconsole stop</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Edit the file <codeph>/etc/sysconfig/eucaconsole</codeph> to change:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>NGINX_FLAGS=NO</codeblock></info>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>Start the eucaconsole service:</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock>service eucaconsole start</codeblock></info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="console_run_port80">
        
            <title>Enable the Console to Run on Port 80</title>
        <shortdesc>You can run the console on non-secure connections using HTTP. In order to configure 
            the console without enabling secure connections, use port 80 instead. 
            To accomplish this, nginx act as a proxy.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <context>
                    <p>To run your console on port 80: </p>
                </context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Locate the default configuration file from <filepath>conf/nginx.conf</filepath>.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Verify the <codeph>nginx.conf</codeph> file contains the following lines:</cmd>
                                <info>
                                    <codeblock>listen 80;
server_name  localhost;</codeblock></info>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                    <cmd>If the file does not specify port 80 on the 'listen' directive, change it to reflect the above.</cmd>
                    </step>
                        
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Restart the eucaconsole service using the following command:</cmd>
                        <info><codeblock>service eucaconsole restart</codeblock></info>
                        <info><note><b>This command restarts nginx automatically. There is no need to run nginx manually.</b></note></info>
                    </step>
                    
                    <step>
                        
                        <cmd>Verify the <codeph>/etc/eucaconsole/console.ini</codeph> has the <codeph>session.secure =</codeph> parameter
                        set to <codeph>false</codeph>, per this example:</cmd>
                                <info>
                                    <codeblock>session.secure = false</codeblock>
                                    <note> If only port 80 is used (i.e. HTTPS isn't configured via port 443), the <codeph>session.secure</codeph> 
                                        setting must equal <codeph>false</codeph>.</note>
                                </info>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                    <cmd>Locate the <codeph>[server:main]</codeph> section. If the host setting
                                    under <codeph>[server:main]</codeph>is set to <codeph>0.0.0.0</codeph>,
                                    connections are accepted from anywhere. If the UI proxy is used behind
                                    nginx on the same host, you can configure the proxy to listen on
                                    localhost only, by setting it to <codeph>127.0.0.1</codeph>, per this
                                    example:</cmd>
                                <info>
                                    <codeblock>[server:main]
use = egg:gunicorn#main
host = 127.0.0.1
port = 8888</codeblock>
                                </info>
                            </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
