<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="launch_instances_ui_context">
    <title>Launch a New Instance</title>
    <shortdesc> This screen allows you create a new instance.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="launch_instances_ui_image_steps">
        <title>Select an Image</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to select a base image to use for creating your
            instance.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>

                    <cmd>There are two ways to specify a base image: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Type an image name directly into the <uicontrol>Enter an image
                                    ID</uicontrol> text box</li>
                        </ul>
                        <ul>
                            <li>Select an image from the list of images on the panel. <note>You can
                                    filter the list of images by typing some filter text into the
                                    search textbox, or by selected one or more filters in the
                                        <uicontrol>Filter by</uicontrol> section to the left of the
                                    image list.</note></li>
                        </ul>
                    </info>
                </step>

                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button to proceed to the
                            <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> panel. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="launch_instances_ui_details_steps">
        <title>Details</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to specify the names, tags, instance size, number of
            instances, and the availability zone of your new instance(s).</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Enter the number of new instances to create in the <uicontrol>Number of
                            instances</uicontrol> text box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally enter one or more names for your new instance(s) in the
                            <uicontrol>Instance name(s)</uicontrol> text box(es). </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select an instance size from the <uicontrol>Instance size</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> Information about the instance size is displayed when you click the
                            instance size link. </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd> If you want to specify an availability zone other than the default, select
                        an availability zone using the <uicontrol>Availability zone</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> The availability zone does not apply if you choose a VPC network for
                            your security settings in the proceeding panel. </note>
                    </info>
                </step>

                <step>
                    <cmd>To help you manage your cloud's instances, images, and other Eucalyptus
                        resources, you can optionally assign your own metadata to each resource in
                        the form of tags. You can use tags to create user-friendly names, make
                        resource searching easier, and improve coordination between multiple users.
                        To add tags to this resource:</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the key name for your tag into the
                                    <uicontrol>name...</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Type the value for your tag into the
                                    <uicontrol>value...</uicontrol> text box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>To add this tag, click the <uicontrol>Add Tag</uicontrol>
                                button.</cmd>
                        </substep>

                        <substep>
                            <cmd>If you wish to delete a tag that you've already entered, click the
                                    <b>x</b> button to the right of the tag.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>

                
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> button to proceed
                        to the <uicontrol>Security</uicontrol> panel. </cmd>
                </step>
                
                
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="launch_instances_ui_security_steps">
        <title>Security</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to specify a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network, key pair and security group that will be
            used by your new instance(s). NOTE: if you create a key pair or security group in this
            section, they will automatically be selected for use in your new instance. </shortdesc>

        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a VPC network from the drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>If a VPC network is selected, the <uicontrol>VPC subnet</uicontrol>
                        and the <uicontrol>Auto-assign public IP</uicontrol> drop-down list boxes display.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a CIDR range from the <uicontrol>VPC subnet</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select whether to enable or disable public IP auto assignment from the
                        <uicontrol>Auto-assign public IP</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a key pair using the <uicontrol>Key name</uicontrol> drop-down list
                        box. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> You can also create a new key pair by clicking the <uicontrol>Create
                                a key pair</uicontrol> link.</note></info>

                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Select a security group using the <uicontrol>Security group</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> If you select the default security group, make sure that you've added
                            rules to the default security group so that you can access your
                            instances. </note>
                        <note> You can also create a new security group by clicking the
                                <uicontrol>Create a security group</uicontrol> link. This opens the Create Security Group dialog box.</note>
                    </info>
                    <stepresult> If one of the existing security groups is chosen, the rules associated with
                    the security group display.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally specify an IAM role using the <uicontrol>Role</uicontrol>
                        drop-down list box.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note> If you select a role, make sure that the correct permissions are
                            defined for that role so that the appropriate level of access is applied
                            to your instance. </note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can optionally specify advanced options by clicking the
                            <uicontrol>Select advanced options</uicontrol> link and refer to the
                        next section for further details. </cmd>
                </step>

                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Launch instance(s)</uicontrol> button. </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="launch_instances_ui_advanced_steps">
        <title>Specify Advanced Options</title>
        <shortdesc>This panel allows you to specify advanced options for your new instance(s). You
            can add user data, override the kernel and RAM disk IDs, specify private networking, and
            add additional storage.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Specify custom user data by typing it into the <uicontrol>User
                            data</uicontrol> text box or by attaching a file by selecting Upload
                        file then clicking the <uicontrol>Choose File...</uicontrol> button to
                        browse for the file.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can override the kernel ID in the selected image with the
                            <uicontrol>Kernel ID</uicontrol> drop-down list box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> You can override the RAM disk ID in the selected image with the
                            <uicontrol>RAM disk ID (RAMFS)</uicontrol> drop-down list box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Enable monitoring</uicontrol> check box to specify that
                        detailed CloudWatch metric gathering should be enabled for your new
                        instance(s).</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Use private addressing only</uicontrol> check box to specify that your
                        new instance should use private addressing only. Private addresses cannot
                        connect directly to the Internet and must go through a NAT (Network Address
                        Translation) device or an elastic IP address mapped to the instance. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> The Storage section will only display if you have an EBS-backed image. If
                        this is the case, you can configure additional storage for your
                        instance:</cmd>
                    <substeps id="launch_instances_ui_advanced_storage_steps">
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Select a volume type using the <uicontrol>Volume</uicontrol>
                                drop-down list box. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Type the desired mapping for the storage into the
                                <uicontrol>Mapping</uicontrol> text box (for example:<codeph>
                                    /dev/sdb</codeph>).</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> If you want to create the storage from an existing snapshot,
                                specify it in the <uicontrol>Create from snapshot</uicontrol>
                                drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Type the size of the attached storage in gigabytes into the
                                <uicontrol>Size (GB) </uicontrol>text box. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Select the <uicontrol>Delete on termination</uicontrol> check box
                                if you would like the attached storage to be deleted when the
                                instance is terminated. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Add device</uicontrol> button to add this storage.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>You can delete storage you've already added by clicking the minus button on the right side of the storage list item.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Launch Instance</uicontrol> button to launch your
                        new instance(s). </cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
