<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create CloudWatch Alarm</title>
    <shortdesc> Auto Scaling uses CloudWatch alarms to trigger scaling actions. An alarm watches a
        single metric (for example: CPU utilization) over a time period you set, and performs one or
        more actions based on the value of the metric relative to a given threshold. CloudWatch
        alarms will not invoke actions just because they are in a particular state. For more
        information, see the Eucalyptus CloudWatch documentation in the <i>Eucalyptus User
            Guide.</i></shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_alarm_ui_help_steps">
        <title>To create a CloudWatch alarm</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter the name for your alarm in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Type a description for your alarm in the <uicontrol>Description</uicontrol>
                        text box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select trigger dimensions, if not already pre-populated with the selected 
                        resource such as an image or scaling group. A dimension is
                        a name-value pair that uniquely identifies a metric; for example:
                        "<codeph>Scaling group</codeph>" = "<codeph>myscalinggroup</codeph>".
                    </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>When <uicontrol>Create Alarm</uicontrol> is launched from a resources' detail page, 
                        pre-defined metrics specific to those resources display. Select a metric from the 
                        drop-down list box. A metric is a time-ordered set of data points - for example, 
                        CPU utilization or volume write ops. You can get metric data from Eucalyptus cloud 
                        resources (like instances or volumes), or you can publish your own set of custom metric data
                        points to CloudWatch. You then retrieve statistics about those data points
                        as an ordered set of time-series data.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select a statistic from the <uicontrol>Trigger alarm when the</uicontrol> drop-down list
                        box. A statistic is computed aggregation of metric data over a specified
                        period of time; valid values are average, minimum, maximum, sum, and data samples. </cmd>
                </step>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Select a comparison operator for the statistic value.</cmd>
                </step>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Select a trigger threshold value. This is value is used in combination with
                        the comparison operator and the measurement period and time length to
                        determine whether the alarm should be triggered. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Select the number of measurement periods and the period lengths using the
                        controls in the <uicontrol>for at least</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>consecutive period(s) 
                        of</uicontrol> areas of the dialog box. Periods define the time period over which the 
                        metric value is compared to the trigger threshold, as well as how many consecutive 
                        periods the trigger threshold must be breached before the alarm is triggered.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>As you specify the values in this section, the chart that follows display the 
                    graphical representation of that statistic data.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>In the <b>Actions</b> section of the Create alarm window, specify the action to be 
                        taken when an alarm is triggered.</cmd>
                    <info><note>This section does not display if creating alarms is launched from the create 
                        scaling policy workflow. </note></info>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>The <uicontrol>Action type</uicontrol> is pre-populated with the resource 
                            activity associated with the alarm.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Select the state you want the alarm to take action from the 
                                <uicontrol>When alarm state is</uicontrol> drop-down list box.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>If launched from a scaling group, the name of that scaling group displays  
                               as the default selection in the <uicontrol>For scaling group</uicontrol> 
                                drop-down list box. Select a different scaling group, if needed.</cmd>
                            <stepresult>When a scaling group is selected, the <uicontrol>Execute scaling policy</uicontrol> 
                                drop-down list box displays with only the policies associated with the selected 
                                scaling group.</stepresult>
                        </substep>
                       <substep>
                           <cmd>Choose a policy to execute from the <uicontrol>Execute scaling policy</uicontrol> 
                               drop-down list box.</cmd>
                           <info><note>If there is already an action associated with this alarm, the policy selection is not applicable.</note>
                           <note>If all scaling policies are already associated with actions, or there are none defined, the policy 
                           selection displays, "No policies available."</note>
                           
                           </info>
                       </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To save your new alarm, click the <uicontrol>Create Alarm</uicontrol>
                        button.</cmd>
                </step>


            </steps>
            <result>For more details about CloudWatch alarm properties, see <xref
                href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-cw-alarm.html"
                scope="external" format="html"
                >AWS Resource Types Reference for Alarms</xref>.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
