<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="volume_details_monitoring">
    <title>Volume Detail - Monitoring</title>
    <shortdesc>This tab allows you to view and create alarms based on criteria you define, and provides a graphical view of various data points being monitored for your volume.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="volume_monitoring_alarms">
        <title>Alarms</title>
        <shortdesc>This section displays a list of configured alarms and allows you to create a new alarm.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To view the details of currently configured CloudWatch alarms, expand it by clicking the plus symbol <uicontrol>(+)</uicontrol> next to  
                        the Cloudwatch alarms summary.</cmd>
                    <stepresult>The expanded view displays the state of each alarm, the alarm name, and their thresholds.</stepresult>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To create a new alarm, click the <uicontrol>Create Alarm</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                            <stepresult>The Create Alarm page opens. Refer to the Help in the Create Alarm page for further instructions.</stepresult>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
<task id="volumes_details_monitoring_actions" conref="console_conrefs.dita#instances_details_monitoring_ui_context_menu">
    <title/>
</task>
       
    <task id="volumes_detail_monitoring_ui_view_graphs">
        <title>CloudWatch metrics</title>
        <shortdesc>This part of the page displays the CloudWatch data when you enabled monitoring for your instances.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step id="volumes_monitoring_graphs">
                    <cmd>The graphs displayed by default are:</cmd>
                    <choices>
                        <choice><b>Read bandwidth</b>. Represents the total number of bytes transferred during a specified 
                            period of time to complete read operations over a 1024k I/O.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Write bandwidth</b>.Represents the total number of bytes transferred during a specified 
                            period of time to complete write operations over a 1024k I/O.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Read throughput (ops/sec)</b>. The total number of read I/O operations that has completed in a specified period of time.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Write  throughput (ops/sec)</b>. The total number of write I/O operations that has completed in a specified period of time.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Average queue length</b>. The average read and write operation requests waiting to be completed in a specified period of time.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Percent time spent idle</b>. The percentage of time over a specified period where no read or write operations are present.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Average read size (KiB/op)</b>. The average size of each read I/O operation in a specified period of time.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Average write size (KiB/op)</b>. The average size of each write I/O operation in a specified period of time.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Average read latency (ms/op)</b>. The average number of seconds spent by read operations that completed in a specified period of time.</choice>
                        <choice><b>Average write latency (ms/op)</b>. The average number of seconds spent by write operations that completed in a specified period of time</choice>
                        
                    </choices>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>The various ways to view the data in the graphs are:</cmd>
                                <choices>
                                    <choice>Click on a graph to expand it.</choice>
                                    <choice>Hover inside the graph to display a read-out of data-points desired.</choice>
                                    <choice>Use the drop-down list boxes for <uicontrol>Show data for</uicontrol> to focus 
                                        in on a set of data within a specific period of time.</choice>
                                </choices>
                            </step>
                        </steps>
                    </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
