<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_load_balancer_ui_help_context">
    <title>Enter custom metric</title>
    <shortdesc> This dialog allows you to create custom CloudWatch metrics. For more information, please see the Eucalyptus CloudWatch documentation in the <i>Eucalyptus User Guide.</i></shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_alarm_ui_help_steps">
        <title>To enter a custom CloudWatch metric</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter the namespace for your metric in the <uicontrol>Namespace</uicontrol>
                        text box. Namespace names are strings you define when you create a metric.
                        The names must be valid XML characters, typically containing the
                        alphanumeric characters "0-9A-Za-z" plus "."(period), "-" (hyphen), "_"
                        (underscore), "/" (slash), "#" (hash), and ":" (colon). AWS namespaces all
                        follow the convention AWS/&lt;service&gt;, such as AWS/EC2 and AWS/ELB. A
                        namespace name must be less than 256 characters. NOTE: There is no default
                        namespace. You must specify a namespace for each data element you put into
                        CloudWatch.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter a name for the metric in the <uicontrol>Metric name</uicontrol> text
                        box.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter a dimension key and dimension value in the <uicontrol>Dimension
                            key</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Dimension value</uicontrol> text boxes. A
                        dimension is a name-value pair that uniquely identifies a metric. A
                        dimension helps you design a conceptual structure for your statistics plan.
                        Because dimensions are part of the unique identifier for a metric, metric
                        name, namespace, and dimension key-value pairs define unique metrics. ou
                        specify dimensions when you create a metric with the
                            <apiname>euwatch-put-data</apiname> command. Eucalyptus services that
                        report data to CloudWatch also attach dimensions to each metric. You can use
                        dimensions to filter result sets that CloudWatch queries return. For
                        example, you can get statistics for a specific instance by calling
                            <apiname>euwatch-get-stats</apiname> with the InstanceID dimension set
                        to a specific instance ID.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Save changes</uicontrol> button to save your custom metric.</cmd>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
