<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="add_access_policy_ui_help_context">
    <title>Add Access Policy</title>
    <shortdesc>An IAM access policy allows you to explicitly define permissions over what your users
        and groups can access. The Add Access Policy page enables you to select and apply an
        existing access policy template, or define your own access policies by either using the
        policy generator or writing a policy directly using the built-in editor.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context><note importance="high">For information on IAM access policies, see <xref
                    href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/PoliciesOverview.html"
                    >Overview of AWS IAM Policies</xref></note></context>
    </taskbody>
    <task id="add_access_policy_generator_steps">
        <title>Create a custom policy using the policy generator</title>
        <shortdesc>The policy generator is an easy-to-use graphical tool that allows you to create a
            new access policy without having to know IAM's access policy language.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody/>
        <task id="add_access_policy_generator_allow_all">
            <title>Allow actions</title>
            <shortdesc>You can allow all actions for a specific service</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <context>To allow all actions for a service:</context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select the check mark icon next to the service name in the Allow/Deny
                            list.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="add_access_policy_generator_deny_all">
            <title>Deny all actions</title>
            <shortdesc>You can deny all actions for a specific service</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <context>To deny all actions for a service:</context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select the x mark icon next to the service name in the Allow/Deny
                            list.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="add_access_policy_generator_allow_specific">
            <title>Allow specific actions</title>
            <shortdesc>You can allow specific actions for a service.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <context>To allow specific actions for a service:</context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the + icon to the left of the service to expand the list of
                            available actions for that service.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select the check mark icon next to the action in the Allow/Deny
                            list.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="add_access_policy_generator_deny_specific">
            <title>Deny specific actions</title>
            <shortdesc>You can deny specific actions for a service.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <context>To allow specific actions for a service:</context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the + icon to the left of a service to expand the list of
                            available actions for that service.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select the x mark icon next to the action in the Allow/Deny list.</cmd>
                    </step>
                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="add_access_policy_generator_specific_resources">
            <title>Allow or deny actions for a specific resource</title>
            <shortdesc>You can allow or deny actions for a specific resource.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <context>To allow or deny actions for a specific resource:</context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the + icon to the left of a service to expand the list of
                            available actions for that service.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol> button next to the action in
                            the Allow/Deny list. The list entry for the action will expand to show
                            drop-down lists for setting up resources and conditionals.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>From the <uicontrol>Set a specific resource</uicontrol> drop-down list
                            on the left, select a resource. The drop-down list to the right will
                            automatically populate with valid values for the selected
                            resource.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>From the drop-down list on the right, select the appropriate value for
                            the resource you've selected. </cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Select the check box next to the action entry to allow access to the
                            specified resource, or select the x mark to deny access.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add Resource</uicontrol> button. Note that the ARN
                            of the resource you've selected will appear in the list, and the results
                            of your selections will appear in the <uicontrol>View/Edit
                                Policy</uicontrol> text box on the right side of the page.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <note>To remove a resource you've added, click the
                                    <uicontrol>-</uicontrol> icon next to the ARN in the resource
                                list.</note>
                        </info>
                    </step>

                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>
        <task id="add_access_policy_generator_conditionals">
            <title>Conditional permissions</title>
            <shortdesc>You can allow or deny permissions based on specific conditions, such as user
                name or image ID.</shortdesc>
            <taskbody>
                <context>To add a condition:</context>
                <steps>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the + icon to the left of a service to expand the list of
                            available actions for that service.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Advanced</uicontrol> button next to the action in
                            the Allow/Deny list. The list entry for the action will expand to show
                            drop-down lists for setting up resources and conditionals.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>In the <uicontrol>Conditions (optional)</uicontrol> section, from the
                                <uicontrol>Add a condition</uicontrol> drop-down list on the left,
                            select a comparison element. The drop-down list to the right will
                            automatically populate with valid conditional comparisons for the
                            selected element.</cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>From the drop-down list on the right, select the appropriate comparison
                            operator for the element you've selected. </cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>If appropriate, enter the comparison value in the text field that
                            appears under the drop-down lists. </cmd>
                    </step>
                    <step>
                        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add Resource</uicontrol> button. Note that the
                            conditional you've just added will appear in the list, and the results
                            of your selections will appear in the <uicontrol>View/Edit
                                Policy</uicontrol> text box on the right side of the page.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <note>To remove a condition that you've added, click the
                                    <uicontrol>-</uicontrol> icon next to the conditional in the
                                list.</note>
                        </info>
                    </step>

                </steps>
            </taskbody>
        </task>


    </task>
    <task id="add_access_policy_write">
        <title>Upload or write a policy</title>
        <shortdesc>You can use this section to upload an existing policy file or write an access
            policy directly into the text editor.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>You can paste or type policy language directly into the View/Edit policy
                        text box on the right side of the screen.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To upload an existing policy file: expand the + icon next to the
                            <uicontrol>Upload or write a file (advanced)</uicontrol> label and click
                        the <uicontrol>Browse...</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                </step>

            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="add_access_policy_template">
        <title>Select a template</title>
        <shortdesc>This section allows you to apply a pre-defined access policy
            template.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click on <uicontrol>Select</uicontrol> button next to the appropriate template in the list.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="add_access_policy_ui_help_steps_finish">
        <title>Save Your Work</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>

                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Create Policy</uicontrol> button to save your work, or
                        click the <uicontrol>Cancel</uicontrol> button to cancel the
                        operation.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
