<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="euca2ools">
	<title>Overview of Euca2ools</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>AWS compatible</keyword>
				<keyword>EC2, IAM, ELB, Auto Scaling, CloudWatch, VPC</keyword>
				<indexterm>Euca2ools <indexterm>Overview</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>

		<p>Euca2ools is the Eucalyptus command line interface for interacting with web services. This set
			of tools was written in Python.</p>
		<p>Most Euca2ools commands are compatible with Amazon’s EC2, S3, IAM, Auto Scaling, Elastic Load
			Balancing, CloudFormation, Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), and CloudWatch services and
			generally accept the same options and honor the same environment variables. This means
			that you can use Euca2ools with both the Eucalyptus cloud-computing platform and
			compatible Amazon services. A few commands are specific to Eucalyptus and are noted in
			the command description.</p>

		<note>Some operations in Euca2ools are not supported in certain Eucalyptus networking modes. For
			example, security groups and elastic IPs are not supported in both Static and System
			networking modes. See your cloud administrator for details. For more information about
			networking modes, see <xref href="../install-guide/planning_networking_modes.dita"/> or <xref
				href="../install-guide/planning_networking_modes_ha.dita"/> (for HA).</note>
		
		<p>Document version: <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#vers/buildversionstring"/></p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
