<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="euca2ools-working-with-config-files.region-section">
 <title>The <codeph>region</codeph> Section</title>
 <shortdesc/>
 <conbody>
  <p>The <codeph>region</codeph> section of the Euca2ools configuration file contains service URLs,
   user names, and other information for the named region. You can specify the named region on the
   command line using the <codeph>--region</codeph> option, or with the EUCA_REGION environment
   variable.</p>
  <p>The following table lists the possible parameters that you can specify in the
    <codeph>region</codeph> section of the Euca2ools configuration file: </p>
  <table>
   <tgroup cols="2">
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>Parameter</entry>
      <entry>Description</entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>autoscaling-url</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>The URL for the region's auto scaling service.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>ec2-url</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>The URL for the region's compute service.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>elasticloadbalancing-url</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>The URL for the region's load balancing service.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>iam-url</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>The URL for the region's identity and access management service.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>monitoring-url</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>The URL for the region's metric/monitoring service.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>s3-url</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>The URL for the region's object storage service.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>s3-location-constraint</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>Contains the location constraint that is required when creating buckets in some AWS regions.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>user</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>The default user for this region if no other user is specified. This name corresponds
       to a named user section in the configuration file that contains the user's
       credentials.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>verify-ssl</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>Indicates whether to verify the server's SSL certificate. This can be
        <codeph>true</codeph> or <codeph>false</codeph>; the default is
       <codeph>false</codeph>.</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <codeph>certificate</codeph>
      </entry>
      <entry>Location of the cloud's certificate, which <codeph>euca-bundle-image</codeph> uses when bundling images.
       Eucalyptus frequently uses a file named <codeph>cloud-cert.pem</codeph>.</entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
 </conbody>
</concept>
