<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="euca2ools_config_file">
	<title>Using Euca2ools Configuration Files</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>Euca2ools <indexterm>Configuration File</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p> The following examples show how to set up a basic Euca2ools configuration file.</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Open a text editor and add a <codeph>[user]</codeph> section. For
					example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>[user john]
key-id = AKIA93F29V0AEXAMPLE
secret-key = vcasd93cm1458un4vj84039vda78mDEXAMPLE</codeblock>
				</info>
				<stepresult>Once you've defined a user in a configuration file, you can specify this user from
					any subsequent [region] section in the configuration file.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Add a <codeph>[region]</codeph> section to a configuration file. Be sure to add a user
					entry that points to a user already defined in a config file; Euca2ools will use
					this user's credentials to access to the cloud specified in this region section.
					For example: </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>[region us-east-1]
ec2-url = https://ec2.amazonaws.com/
iam-url = https://iam.amazonaws.com/
s3-url  = https://s3.amazonaws.com/
user = john</codeblock>
				</info>
				<stepresult> Once you've set up a user and a region in the configuration file, you
					can easily switch between regions using the <codeph>--region</codeph> option from any euca2ools
					command. </stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Add a <codeph>[global]</codeph> section to specify which region to use when you don't
					specify the <codeph>--region</codeph> option on the command line. For
					example:</cmd>
				
				<info><note>Any euca2ools commands entered without specifying the <codeph>--region</codeph>
					option will result in an error.</note>
					<codeblock>[global]
default-region = us-east-1</codeblock>
				</info>
				
			</step>
		</steps>
		<example>
			<p>The following example shows an example of a complete euca2ools configuration
				file.</p>
			<codeblock>[user john]
key-id = AKIA93F29V0AEXAMPLE
secret-key = vcasd93cm1458un4vj84039vda78mDEXAMPLE
[user fry]
[region us-east-1]
autoscaling-url = https://autoscaling.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/
ec2-url = https://ec2.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/
elasticloadbalancing-url = https://elasticloadbalancing.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/
iam-url = https://iam.amazonaws.com/
monitoring-url = https://monitoring.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/
s3-url = https://s3.amazonaws.com/
user = john
[region ecc]
autoscaling-url =
https://communitycloud.eucalyptus.com:8773/services/AutoScaling/
ec2-url = https://communitycloud.eucalyptus.com:8773/services/Eucalyptus/
elasticloadbalancing-url =
https://communitycloud.eucalyptus.com:8773/services/LoadBalancing/
iam-url = https://communitycloud.eucalyptus.com:8773/services/Euare/
monitoring-url = https://communitycloud.eucalyptus.com:8773/services/Monitoring/
s3-url = https://communitycloud.eucalyptus.com:8773/services/Walrus/
user = john
[global]
default-region = us-east-1</codeblock>
			<p>To use the configuration file, simple specify one of the named regions by using the
					<codeph>--region</codeph> option with any euca2ools command. For example:</p>
			<codeblock>euca-describe-instances --region ecc</codeblock>
			<p>This command will use the use the service URLs and user credentials specified in the
				"ecc" region and "ecc-admin" user sections in the configuration file.</p>
		</example>
	</taskbody>
</task>
