<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="eustore-install-default-fs">
    <title>Launch the Default FastStart Image</title>
   <!-- <shortdesc>Eucalyptus provides a default image that you can use to launch an instance
        immediately.</shortdesc>-->
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>Your FastStart installation includes a default CentOS 5 image. This section describes how to
        		launch an instance from this image and connect to that instance. The tasks listed in the follow
        		sections require a network connection.
        	</p>
        	<note type="important">Before you can use the commands that follow, set up your environment
        		variables by sourcing the eucarc file. On the Frontend enter the following command:
        		<codeph>source /root/creds/eucarc</codeph>.</note>
            <p>To launch the default image included with FastStart:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find the default image by typing the following command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock> euca-describe-images </codeblock>
                </info>
                <tutorialinfo>This command returns a list of images available. For new FastStart
                    installations, a default image is provided - in this example, the image ID is
                        <codeph>emi-72613A2E</codeph>:</tutorialinfo>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>IMAGE eki-D313397A admin/vmlinuz-2.6.28-11-generic.manifest.xml 508678674223 available public
      i386 kernel instance-store  
IMAGE emi-72613A2E admin/euca-centos-5.8-2012.05.14-x86_64.manifest.xml 508678674223
      available public i386 machine eki-D313397A eri-F9A83F12 instance-store  
IMAGE eri-F9A83F12 admin/initrd.img-2.6.28-11-generic.manifest.xml 508678674223 available
      public i386 ramdisk instance-store </codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a key pair using the <apiname>euca-add-keypair</apiname> command. This command will store
                    the public half of the key pair and keep it available for your Eucalyptus cloud
                    instances, and will output the private half of the key pair. Save
                    this output to a file for future use, as in the following example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euca-add-keypair euca-demo > euca-demo.private</codeblock>                  
                </info>
                <info>
                    <note type="tip">If you've already added a keypair, you can skip this step.</note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Change permissions on the private keypair file so that only you can access and change it: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>chmod 0600 euca-demo.private</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
            <cmd>Run the instance with the <apiname>euca-run-instances</apiname> command, specifying the
                appropriate image ID and the name of the key pair you just created. For example: </cmd>
            <info>
                <codeblock>euca-run-instances -k euca-demo emi-72613A2E</codeblock>
            </info>
            <stepresult><p>This will return output similar to the following:</p> 
                <codeblock>RESERVATION     r-CCE33FC0     449455269925     default
INSTANCE     i-68A24092     emi-72613A2E     0.0.0.0     0.0.0.0     pending     euca-demo     0 
m1.small     2012-05-17T10:36:46.232Z     PARTI00     eki-D313397A     eri-F9A83F12
monitoring-disabled     0.0.0.0     0.0.0.0               instance-store </codeblock>
                <p>Note that the initial state of the instance is 'pending' while the instance
                    is being created.</p>
            </stepresult>
        </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After a few moments, check to see if your instance is available for use yet by
                    using the <apiname>euca-describe-instances</apiname> command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euca-describe-instances  i-68A24092</codeblock>
                </info>
                <stepresult> <p>When the instance is ready, this command will return output similar to the
                    following:</p> 
                    <codeblock>RESERVATION     r-CCE33FC0     449455269925     default
INSTANCE     i-68A24092     emi-72613A2E     192.168.9.91     10.93.7.76     running     euca-demo     0
m1.small     2012-05-17T10:36:46.232Z     PARTI00     eki-D313397A     eri-F9A83F12
monitoring-disabled     192.168.9.91     10.93.7.76               instance-store   </codeblock>
                    <p>Note that the instance is now listed as 'running', and there's now an IP
                        address - in this example, 192.168.9.91. You can use this IP address to connect
                        to the instance.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Connect to the running instance using SSH, specifying the private key file and the IP address of the instance. For example:
                </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>ssh -i euca-demo.private  192.168.9.91 </codeblock>
                </info>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>This command returns output similar to the following:</p>
                    <codeblock>Warning: Permanently added '192.168.9.91' (RSA) to the list of known hosts.
Last login: Thu May 17 03:39:58 2012 from eucahost-9-91.eucalyptus
-bash-3.2# 
                    </codeblock>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        
        <result>Congratulations! You've now successfully launched and connected to the default FastStart image.  </result>
        <postreq> Please see the Eucalyptus User Guide for more tutorials.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
