<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="concimages_kvm_lineptId">
	<title>Create Linux Image</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note type="important">This example requires access to a physical machine. </note>
			<note type="important">Before you begin, make sure that KVM is installed and properly
				functioning for the account you are going to use.</note>
			<p>To create a root filesystem to be used with Eucalyptus using KVM
				and an ISO image of the guest OS you want to install:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Download the ISO image of the distro (guest OS) you want to install. For example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>wget http://ftp.usf.edu/pub/centos/6.4/isos/x86_64/CentOS-6.4-x86_64-LiveCD.iso</codeblock>
				</info>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Create a virtual disk with the desired size. For example, to create a 4 GiB disk named
					test.img, type the following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>dd if=/dev/zero of=test.img bs=1M count=4096</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Start KVM using the CDROM as the boot device and new image as the disk. For example, to use
					the ISO image and virtual disk that we used in the previous examples, type the
					following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>/usr/libexec/qemu-kvm -m 2048 -smp 2 -cdrom CentOS-6.4-x86_64-LiveCD.iso -drive if=virtio,file=test.img,boot=off -boot once=d</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Connect to the instance using the VNC client of your choice.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install the distro as you would normally would. Do not use
						<codeph>lvm</codeph> or <codeph>md</codeph> and install
					everything in one partition. Remember the partition in which
					the distro is installed.</cmd>

				<info><note type="important">Most distributions will remember
						the network interfaces by the MAC address, so interfaces
						will always be the same (that is, <codeph>eth0</codeph>
						and <codeph>eth1</codeph> will not be inverted
						accidentally). In Eucalyptus you have to get the
						distribution to forget the NIC, so that every instance
						will see the interface as the first interface. To do so
						you may want to refer to the specific distribution. For
						example Debian and Ubuntu use <codeph>udev</codeph> so
						check <filepath>/etc/udev/rules.d/*net*</filepath>.
						CentOS might have something in
							<filepath>/etc/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0</filepath>.
						Failure to do so may leave your instance without
						network.</note></info>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Find out the starting block and the block size of the root file system. For example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>parted test.img</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Change the units to blocks.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>(parted) u
Unit? [compact]? b</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Print the current partition table using
					<codeph>p</codeph>.</cmd>
				<stepresult>Note the start for the partition you are interested
					in and the size. For this example we'll say that the start
					is <codeph>32256</codeph> and the size is
						<codeph>1024000</codeph>.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Extract the file system. For example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>dd if=test.img of=rootfs.img bs=1 skip=32256 count=1024000</codeblock>
					<note type="tip">To speed up the process, you can increase
						the block size. Divide the size and the skip count by
						the new block size (512 in this example) and you get
							<codeph>dd if=&lt;image_name> of=rootfs.img bs=512
							skip=63 count=2000</codeph>.</note>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>You now have a root filesystem. Make sure that it is compatible
			with the kernel/initrd you are using in your cloud environment. In
			particular you may want to be sure you have the modules of the
			kernel you are going to use. Then you are ready to <xref
				href="add_existing.dita">add the image</xref> to
			Eucalyptus.</result>
	</taskbody>
</task>
