<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="images_win">
 <title>Create Windows Image</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>image tasks
					<indexterm>create an image
						<indexterm>Windows</indexterm>
					</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
 <conbody>
 	<p>For KVM and Xen hypervisors, we recommend that you perform this task on a node controller (NC), or a host 
 		running the same Linux distributions and hypervisors as your NCs. If you are creating the Windows image on 
 		a machine currently running as a NC, terminate all running instances and stop the NC. To stop the NC, enter: </p>
 	<codeblock>service eucalyptus-nc stop</codeblock>
 	<p>Template files that closely match those that Eucalyptus generates at VM instantiation time exist for KVM and 
 		Xen. These files are located at	<filepath>/usr/share/eucalyptus/doc/libvirt-[hypervisor]-windows-example.xml</filepath>. 
 		We recommend that you review the appropriate file to acquaint yourself with its contents, noting required files, 
 		bridges, and resources. For more information about configuring the libvirt.xml file, go to the <xref
				href="http://libvirt.org/formatdomain.html" format="html">Domain XML format</xref>
			page in the libvirt documentation.</p>
 	<p>To create an image from a Windows OS in VMware you will need one network interface and one disk.</p>
 	<note type="note">If you are using VMware, make sure that the Windows VM uses the LSI Logic Parallel driver as 
 		the SCSI controller. For some Windows versions, this is not the default SCSI controller in the VM setting.</note>
 </conbody>
</concept>
