<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="image_modify">
    <title>Modify an Image</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>You might find that existing images in your cloud don't meet your needs.</p>
            <p>To modify an existing image:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Create a mount point for your image.</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>mkdir temp-mnt</codeblock>
            	</info>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Associate a loop block device to the image.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>losetup /dev/loop5 &lt;image_name></codeblock>
        			<p>where <codeph>loop5</codeph> is a free device</p>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Mount the image.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>mount /dev/loop5 temp-mnt</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Make procfs, dev and sysfs available in your chroot environment.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>mkdir -p temp-mnt/proc
mkdir -p temp-mnt/sys
mkdir -p temp-mnt/dev
mount -o bind /proc temp-mnt/proc
mount -o bind /sys temp-mnt/sys
mount -o bind /dev temp-mnt/dev</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>You now have the image under <filepath>temp-mnt</filepath> and you can copy over what you want into it. If you want to install packages into it, you have few options:</cmd>
        		<choices>
        			<choice><codeph>chroot temp-mnt</codeph> and use <codeph>apt-get</codeph>,
        				<codeph>yum</codeph>, or <codeph>zypper</codeph> to install what you want.</choice>
        			<choice>Instruct the package manager program to use a different root (for example both dpkg and rpm uses the --root option)</choice>
        		</choices>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Unmount the drive.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>umount /dev/loop5
losetup -d /dev/loop5</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>You now have an image with your modifications. You are ready to <xref
    		href="add_existing.dita">add the image</xref> to
    		Eucalyptus.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
