<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="images_vmw_win_convert">
	<title>Convert the VMDK to an Image</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>After your Windows VM image is ready on ESX/ESX-i/VCenter, use the <codeph>euca_imager</codeph> command to download the image and convert it to the format Eucalyptus uses. The <codeph>euca_imager</codeph> command converts a remote VMDK located on a datastore into a disk image on the local disk on the CC/VMware Broker machine.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Log into the CC/VMware Broker machine and, if necessary, set the appropriate
            	environment variables.</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock># export VDDK_HOME=/opt/packages/vddk/ 
# export EUCALYPTUS=/ 
# export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/packages/vddk/lib/vmware-vix-disklib/lib64/ 
# PATH=/usr/lib/eucalyptus/:$PATH 
# cd ~/.euca (or path to .eucarc) 
# source .eucarc 
</codeblock>
            	</info>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Enter the euca_imager command with appropriate parameters to extract and convert the
        			VMDK to a raw disk image. Parameters are described in the following
        			table:<draft-comment>Verify these params and descriptions.</draft-comment></cmd>
        		<info>
        			<table>
        				<tgroup cols="2">
        					<thead>
        						<row>
        							<entry>Parameter</entry>
        							<entry>Description</entry>
        						</row>
        					</thead>
        					<tbody>
        						<row>
        							<entry><codeph>debug</codeph></entry>
        							<entry>Enables <codeph>euca_imager</codeph> debugging output</entry>
        						</row>
        						<row>
        							<entry><codeph>in</codeph></entry>
        							<entry>https URL for the vCenter Server or ESX/ESXi machine </entry>
        						</row>
        						<row>
        							<entry><codeph>out</codeph></entry>
        							<entry>User-defined name of disk </entry>
        						</row>
        						<row>
        							<entry><codeph>login</codeph></entry>
        							<entry>Name used to access the VMware machine </entry>
        						</row>
        						<row>
        							<entry><codeph>password</codeph></entry>
        							<entry>Password used to access the VMware machine</entry>
        						</row>
        						<row>
        							<entry><codeph>vsphere-vmdk</codeph></entry>
        							<entry>Go to vSphere client, find the virtual machine that you have installed (make sure it is in <codeph>powered off</codeph> state), and select the <uicontrol>Hard disk 1</uicontrol> resource. There will be a <uicontrol>Disk File</uicontrol> field for the VMDK, and a similar field on the <uicontrol>Option</uicontrol> tab for the VMX file. </entry>
        						</row>
        						<row>
        							<entry><codeph>vsphere-vmx</codeph></entry>
        							<entry>Same description as vsphere-vmdk parameter. This is optional if you’re contacting an ESX node directly, but may be required when contacting vCenter.</entry>
        						</row>
        						<row>
        							<entry><codeph>vsphere-datacenter</codeph></entry>
        							<entry>Specified name of the datacenter. This is optional if you’re contacting an ESX node directly, but may be required when contacting vCenter.</entry>
        						</row>
        					
        					</tbody>
        				</tgroup>
        			</table>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<example>
    		<p>The following example shows euca_imager with the appropriate parameters as described above
    			converting a VMDK to a raw disk image. Note that the prefix of the
    			<codeph>out</codeph> parameter must begin with the word <codeph>windows</codeph>.</p>
    		<codeblock>/usr/lib/eucalyptus/euca_imager debug=yes convert in=
https://192.168.7.198 out=windows.disk login=Administrator password=password 
vsphere-vmdk="[datastore1]WindowsVM/WindowsVM.vmdk" vsphere-datacenter=DataCenter1
vsphere-vmx="[datastore1]WindowsVM/WindowsVM.vmx</codeblock>
    	</example>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="images_vmw_win_add.dita"/>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
