<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="images_vmw_lin">
 <title>Create Linux Image (VMware)</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
 	<context>
 		<p>To create a root filesystem to be used with Eucalyptus using VMware and an ISO image of the guest
 			OS you want to install:</p>
 		
 	</context>
 	<steps>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>Run an instance of the image.</cmd>
 		</step>
 		
 		<step>
 			<cmd>Attach a volume to the instance.</cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>euca-attach-volume -i &lt;instance_id> -d &lt;local_device_name> &lt;volume_id></codeblock>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>Make a file system on the volume and mount it to <filepath>/mnt</filepath>.</cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>mkfs -t ext3 /dev/vdb
mount /dev/vdb /mnt</codeblock>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>SCP your Eucalyptus credential zip file to the instance.</cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>scp -i yourkey.private euca2-xxxxxxx-x509.zip root@xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:/mnt</codeblock>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>SSH into the instance.</cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>ssh -i yourkey.private root@xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx</codeblock>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>Install the tools you need.</cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>yum install rsync unzip</codeblock>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>Change to the <filepath>/mnt</filepath> device.</cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>cd /mnt</codeblock>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>Unzip your Eucalyptus credentials zip to <filepath>/mnt/euca</filepath>.</cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>unzip euca2-admin-x509.zip -d euca/</codeblock>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>Install any other software you want on the instance so it will be part of your new image.</cmd>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>Remove the udev rules. </cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>rm /etc/udev/rules.d/70*</codeblock>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 	</steps>
 	<result>You now have a root filesystem. Make sure that it is compatible with the kernel/initrd you are using in your
 		cloud environment. In particular you may want to be sure you have the
 		modules of the kernel you are going to use. Then you are ready to <xref
 			href="add_existing.dita">add the image</xref> to
 		Eucalyptus.</result>
 </taskbody>
</task>

