<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="images_bfebs">
	<title>Create an EBS-Backed Image</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>image tasks <indexterm>create a boot from EBS image </indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p> An EBS-backed image (sometimes referred to as a "bfEBS" image) is an image with a root device
				that is an EBS volume created from an EBS snapshot. An EBS-backed image has a number
				of advantages, including: </p>
			<ul>
				<li>Faster boot time</li>
				<li>Larger volume size limits</li>
				<li>Changes to the data on the image persist after instance termination</li>
				<li>Instance </li>
			</ul>
			<p>To create an EBS-backed image:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Use the QEMU disk utility to create a disk image. For example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeph>qemu-img create -f raw bfebs.img 2G</codeph>
				</info>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>Use parted to set the disk label:.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>parted bfebs.img mklabel msdos</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Use virt-install to start a new virtual machine installation using the disk image
					you just created:
                </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>virt-install --name rhel6 --ram 1024 --os-type linux --os-variant rhel6 \
-c /tmp/media.iso --disk \
path=/tmp/bfebs.img,device=disk,bus=virtio --vnc</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Once you have completed the installation, start the virtual machine using virt-manager
					or other libvirt tool of your choice. </cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the virtual machine by connecting to it and making the following
					changes:</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Comment out the <codeph>HWADDR</codeph> entry from the
								<filepath>/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0</filepath> file.
							For example:</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>DEVICE="eth0"
BOOTPROTO="dhcp"
#HWADDR="B8:AC:6F:83:1C:45"
IPV6INIT="yes"
MTU="1500"
NM_CONTROLLED="yes"
ONBOOT="yes"
TYPE="Ethernet"
UUID="499c07cc-4a53-408c-87d2-ce0db991648e"
PERSISTENT_DHCLIENT=1</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Add the following option to the end of <codeph>/boot/grub/menu.lst</codeph> to get a
							serial console:</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>console=ttyS0</codeph>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Remove the <codeph>quiet</codeph> option from the kernel parameters and grub menu splash
							image in the <codeph><filepath>/boot/grub/menu.lst</filepath></codeph>
							file.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Add the following line to the <codeph>/etc/sysconfig/network</codeph> file to disable the
							zeroconf route, which can interfere with access to the metadata
							service:</cmd>
						<info><codeph>NOZEROCONF=yes </codeph></info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Edit <codeph><filepath>/etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules</filepath></codeph> and
							remove the entry for the existing NIC.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Copy the Eucalyptus rc.local file from
							https://github.com/eucalyptus/Eucalyptus-Scripts/blob/master/rc.local.</cmd>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			<!--<step>
				<cmd>Make sure the EBS volume is not mounted:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeph>euca-detach-volume &lt;volume-id></codeph>
				</info>
			</step>-->
			<step>
				<cmd>Create a snapshot of the volume:</cmd>
				<info><codeph>euca-create-snapshot &lt;volume-id></codeph></info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Register the volume: </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeph>euca-register -n "MyRHEL6bfEBS" -s &lt;snapshot-id> --root-device-name
						/dev/sda</codeph>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>You've now created a EBS-backed image. To maintain data persistence, be sure to use
			euca-stop-instances and euca-start-instances to stop and start your EBS-backed
			instance.</result>
	</taskbody>
</task>
