<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="hg_task_migrate_image_euca_to_aws">
	<title>Migrate a Linux Image from Eucalyptus to AWS</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes how to migrate an image from Eucalyptus to AWS. </shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context><note>These are high-level guidelines for moving an instance from Eucalyptus to
				AWS. Specific examples will vary depending on the distro running on the
				image.</note></context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Run an instance from the image you chose.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-run-instance emi-1A6338AE</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>SSH into the instance and verify that the instance is valid for use with
					AWS:</cmd>

				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Download the latest ec2-modules from <xref
								href="http://s3.amazonaws.com/ec2-downloads" scope="external" format="html"/> and put them into the
								<codeph>/lib/modules</codeph> directory on the instance.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Copy the AWS EC2 certificate and private key from the AWS instance to
							your local workstation. </cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Shut down unneeded services on the AWS instance (for example, Apache
							and MySQL). </cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Clear out log files and bash history files. </cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Remove your ssh keys from the instance. </cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Reset passwords for the instance, and for any services that maintain
							their own password database. </cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Clear out any temporary directories. </cmd>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install Euca2ools on the instance.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock/>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Mount a volume that is at least 1.5 times as large as the entire
					instance.</cmd>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Bundle the running instance.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-bundle-instance </codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Switch the Euca2ools configuration file to use Eucalyptus</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>default-region = euca-release</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Upload the AWS bundled instance to Eucalyptus.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-upload-bundle -b bucket_name -m manifest_file</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Test the new uploaded image.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-run-instance emi-a6e15bcf</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
