<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="hg_task_prepare_image">
    <title>Prepare a Linux Image for Eucalyptus</title>
    <shortdesc>This section explains how to prepare an image before importing it for use in
        Eucalyptus.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context/>

        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Install cloud software and drivers:</b></cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Make sure Virtio drivers are installed if the image is going to be run
                            in a KVM cluster which has virtio enabled, and verify use if possible
                            (ie. set disks and network interface in hypervisor, try hot plug in for
                            disks, etc). For most recent Linux distributions nothing is needed to be
                            done. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Make sure Vmware tools are installed if the image is going to be run
                            in a vmware cluster. There are several options for Linux-based images,
                            including RPM, yum installations, or through Vmware if the guest is
                            running in Vmware. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Make sure appropriate init scripts are in place; for example:
                            cloud-init packages (if appropriate), and rc.local or similar scripts to
                            prepare new instances at boot time utilizing user/meta-data. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>

                        <cmd> Install cloud-init: </cmd>

                        <info>
                            <note>For more information on cloud-init, go to <xref
                            	href="https://help.ubuntu.com/community/CloudInit" scope="external" format="html"
                                    >https://help.ubuntu.com/community/CloudInit</xref></note>
                            <p>For Ubuntu images:</p>
                            <codeblock>sudo apt-get install cloud-init</codeblock>
                            <p>For Red Hat, Fedora, and CentOS EL5:</p>
                            <codeblock>rpm -Uvh http://download.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/5/i386/epel-release-5-4.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
                            <p>For Red Hat, Fedora, and CentOS EL6:</p>
                            <codeblock>rpm -Uvh http://download.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/6/i386/epel-release-6-8.noarch.rpm
yum install cloud-init</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <!--<substep>
                        <cmd>Install the Eucalyptus Windows Integration Tool:</cmd>
                        <info><p> Confirm 'Eucalyptus windows integration' tool is installed an
                                configured for use (See Eucalyptus-Admin Guide section on creating a
                                Windows image and installing integration tool). The tool will help
                                in setting up access to vm, hostname, etc.. </p></info>
                    </substep>-->
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Install and configure ssh:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>For Ubuntu:</p>
                            <codeblock>sudo apt-get install openssh-server </codeblock>
                            <p>For Red Hat, Fedora, and CentOS:</p>
                            <codeblock>yum install openssh-server
chkconfig sshd on</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Install Euca2ools:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>For Ubuntu:</p>
                            <codeblock>sudo apt-get install euca2ools</codeblock>
                            <p>For Red Hat, Fedora, and CentOS:</p>
                            <codeblock>yum install euca2ools</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Optionally, update existing packages.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>For Ubuntu:</p>
                            <codeblock>sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade</codeblock>
                            <p>For Red Hat, Fedora, and CentOS:</p>
                            <codeblock>yum update</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Prepare the network:</b></cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Disable the firewall. It is recommended that the firewall is disabled
                            and network rules are instead enforced in the security-group the
                            instances run in. If the guest's firewall is not disabled, review the
                            existing rules and make sure they are appropriate for the guest's future
                            use within a cloud environment. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Clear or disable iptable rules:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>Save the rules in case you want to restore them later:</p>
                            <codeblock>sudo iptables-save > /root/firewall.rules</codeblock>
                            <p>Clear the rules:</p>
                            <codeblock>iptables -F
iptables -X
iptables -t nat -F
iptables -t nat -X
iptables -t mangle -F
iptables -t mangle -X
iptables -P INPUT ACCEPT
iptables -P OUTPUT ACCEPT
iptables -P FORWARD ACCEPT</codeblock>
                            <p>For Red Hat, Fedora, and CentOS, you can disable iptables via service
                                scripts. For example:</p>
                            <codeblock>/etc/init.d/iptables stop 
(or...) 
service iptables stop
(then use...) 
chkconfig iptables off  (to disable at boot time as well) </codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Disable selinux.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>In some distributions, the selinux configuration file can be found in
                                the following locations:</p>
                            <codeblock>/etc/sysconfig/selinux
/etc/selinux/config</codeblock>
                            <p>The following is an example selinux config file:</p>
                            <codeblock># This file controls the state of SELinux on the system.
# SELINUX= can take one of these three values:
#       enforcing - SELinux security policy is enforced.
#       permissive - SELinux prints warnings instead of enforcing.
#       disabled - SELinux is fully disabled.
SELINUX=disabled
# SELINUXTYPE= type of policy in use. Possible values are:
#       targeted - Only targeted network daemons are protected.
#       strict - Full SELinux protection.
SELINUXTYPE=targeted</codeblock>
                            <note>Some distributions may not have the selinux config and may need a
                                flag set in the booter. For example /boot/grub/grub.conf may need
                                'enforcing=0' added to the 'kernel' configuration line.</note>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Make sure there is only a single primary network interface.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <p>Check the configuration for:</p>
                            <ul>
                                <li>Enabled on boot (<codeph>ONBOOT="yes"</codeph>)</li>
                                <li>IP provisioning is done via DHCP
                                        (<codeph>BOOTPROTO="dhcp"</codeph>)</li>
                                <li>MAC address is commented out (for
                                        example:<codeph>#HWADDR="AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF"</codeph>).<note>If
                                        the system is rebooted after you've commented out the MAC
                                        address, the MAC address may be restored and will need to be
                                        commented out again.</note></li>

                            </ul>
                            <p> For Red Hat, Fedora, and CentOS images, the configuration for the
                                default network interface can usually be found in the following
                                file: </p>
                            <codeblock>/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0</codeblock>
                            <p>The following is an example of an <codeph>ifcfg-eth0</codeph>
                                configuration file:</p>
                            <codeblock>DEVICE=eth0
ONBOOT=yes
#THE HWADDR LINE MUST BE COMMENTED OUT OR REMOVED
#HWADDR=AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF
TYPE=Ethernet
BOOTPROTO=dhcp
PERSISTENT_DHCLIENT=yes</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Remove persistent udev rules:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>echo "" > /etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules 
echo "" > /lib/udev/rules.d/75-persistent-net-generator.rules </codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>On CentOS and Red Hat, disable zeroconf by adding an entry to the
                                <codeph>/etc/sysconfig/network</codeph> file:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>NETWORKING=yes
NOZEROCONF=yes</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Clean the image:</b></cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>We recommend that you remove all non-root, non-administrator users
                            before bundling the image.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Remove root/Administrator password. We recommend that you remove root's
                            password for Linux systems (for windows, use sysprep (see Administrators
                            guide for Windows Integration tool). </cmd>
                        <info><note>Once these passwords are removed, access to this system will be
                                limited or blocked until this image is recreated as a cloud
                                instance. SSH host and authorization keys for Linux (or dynamically
                                created passwords for Windows sysprep) will be used going
                                forward.</note></info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>For larger Windows images, we recommend that you use the tool of your choice to zero out unused disk space.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Remove any unwanted programs.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure a serial port by adding an option to the end of the <codeph>/boot/grub/menu.lst</codeph> file:</cmd>
                <info><codeph>console=ttyS0</codeph></info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>You've now prepared your instance for image creation. ** add 'continue to...' link to image creation topic here **</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
