<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="hg_task_migrate_image_aws_to_euca">
	<title>Migrate an Image from AWS to Eucalyptus</title>
	<shortdesc>To migrate an image from AWS to Eucalyptus, perform the following steps.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note>This example works with an S3-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that you own. For
				instructions on creating an S3-backed AMI from an existing AMI, see <xref
					href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/creating-snapshot-s3-linux.html"
					scope="external" format="html"
					>Creating an Instance Store-Backed AMI From an Existing AMI</xref>.</note>
			<note>Specific examples may vary depending on the distro running on the
				image that you want to migrate.</note>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd/>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Set up your Euca2ools configuration to work with both Eucalyptus and Amazon Web
					Services. For instructions, see: <xref href="../hg/hg_task_setup_euca2ools.dita">Set
						up Euca2ools for AWS</xref>.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Check ownership of the AMI that you want to migrate to Eucalyptus by using the
					euca-describe-images command. For example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-describe-images --region us-east-1 --owner 999999999999
IMAGE	ami-e1a1e888	999999999999/precise-test	999999999999	available	private		x86_64	machine	aki-88aa75e1			instance-store	paravirtual	xen
	BLOCKDEVICEMAPPING	EPHEMERAL	sda2	ephemeral0
</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>Run the AWS instance.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-run-instance ami-e1a1e888 --region us-east-1 </codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>Install Euca2ools on the instance. For instructions, see the Euca2ools
					Guide.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock/>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Make sure that you have enough space on a volume to hold the bundle that we
					will create.</cmd>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Bundle the running AWS instance. For example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>sudo -s
ec2-bundle-vol -b testbucket -d /mnt -u 4299-4227-3585 -k my-aws.pem -c my-aws-cert.pem -r x86_64 -s 2048
Copying / into the image file /mnt/image...
Excluding:
	 /dev/pts
	 /
	 /sys
	 /proc
	 /proc/sys/fs/binfmt_misc
	 /dev
	 /media
	 /mnt
	 /proc
	 /sys
	 /mnt/image
	 /mnt/img-mnt
1+0 records in
1+0 records out
1048576 bytes (1.0 MB) copied, 0.00209056 s, 502 MB/s
mke2fs 1.42.3 (14-May-2012)
Bundling image file...
Splitting /mnt/image.tar.gz.enc...
Created image.part.00
Created image.part.01
[example truncated]
Created image.part.30
Generating digests for each part...
Digests generated.
Unable to read instance meta-data for ancestor-ami-ids
Unable to read instance meta-data for ramdisk-id
Unable to read instance meta-data for product-codes
Creating bundle manifest...
ec2-bundle-vol complete.</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Switch the Euca2ools configuration file to use Eucalyptus. You can do this by
					specifying the Eucalyptus region as defined in your Euca2ools configuration file
					by specifying the <codeph>--region</codeph> parameter on the command line, or by
					changing the <codeph>default-region</codeph> option in the Euca2ools
					configuration file:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>default-region = euca-release</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Download the bundle from the AWS S3 bucket:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-download-bundle --bucket testbucket --directory /tmp/aws-image/ --region us-east-1
</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Unbundle the AWS instance bundle:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-unbundle --manifest /tmp/aws-image/image.manifest.xml --source /tmp/aws-image/ --destination /tmp/aws-image/ --region us-east-1
</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Run some checks to make sure that the image can be used with Eucalyptus:</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Mount the image via loopback:</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>#  sudo mkdir /mnt/aws-image
	#  sudo mount -o loop /tmp/aws-image/image /mnt/aws-image
	#  df -ah 
	……
	/tmp/aws-image/image
                      9.9G  1.1G  8.3G  12% /mnt/aws-image
</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Make sure that the distro repositories in the image do not point to
							EC2-specific repositories.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>
								TBD
							</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Install a non-Xen kernel into the image from distro and make sure
							VirtIO modules are added.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>TBD</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Extract  the ramdisk  and kernel to be bundled, uploaded
							and registered as ERI and EKI files. In this example,
							initrd.img-3.2.0-53-virtual and vmlinuz-3.2.0-53-virtual will be copied
							from /mnt/aws-image/boot to the /tmp/aws-image directory: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock># sudo cp /mnt/aws-image/boot/initrd.img-3.2.0-53-virtual /tmp/aws-image/.
# sudo cp /mnt/aws-image/boot/vmlinuz-3.2.0-53-virtual /tmp/aws-image/.
</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Make sure that the file system of the image is either ext2, ext3, or ext4 by using the file command. For example:</cmd>
						<info><codeblock># file /tmp/aws-image/image
/tmp/aws-image/image: Linux rev 1.0 ext4 filesystem data (extents) (large files) (huge files)
</codeblock></info>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Bundle the image using euca-bundle-image:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-bundle-image -i /tmp/aws-image/image</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Upload the AWS bundled instance to Eucalyptus.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>ec2-upload-bundle -b hybrid-guide-sample-bucket -m /tmp/aws-image/image.manifest.xml --access-key myaccesskey --secret-key mysecretkey</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Test the new uploaded image.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-run-instance emi-a6e15bcf</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
