<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="intro_controlled_avail_support">
 <title>Controlled Availability</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic describes controlled availability and its support scope. It also provides a list
    of features currently in controlled availability.</shortdesc>
 <conbody> 
  <section>
<!--    IMPORTANT NOTE TO WRITERS: THIS WAS A DRAFT DOCUMENT THAT WAS NOT PUT INTO PRODUCTION DOCS. 
      CHANGED TO special_feature_release_support WHICH WAS MOVED TO RELEASE NOTES FOLDER.-->    
    <title>Controlled Availability Definition</title>
    <p>A controlled availability release is a conditional release of a product (or products)
      that does not meet a published standard, or for which we
      are unable to provide support under published policy. Controlled availability releases 
      are used to limit the shipment of a product or a release to a set of customers who agree 
      to specific use conditions, which include migrating to a General Availability (GA) 
      release when it is ready.</p>
      <p>Controlled availability releases:
        <ul>
          <li>Are generally used to deliver early releases of new products or new features of
            existing products to satisfy customer commitments.</li>
          <li>Might not include a full complement of defect repair time-critical fixes,
            although some defect repair might be rolled in as necessary.</li>
          <li>Can be ordered only with proper approval and for a specified length of time. (The
            approval process and order start/stop time frame are documented prior to the
            release in the controlled availability agreement.)</li>
        </ul>
       </p>
    <p><b>Customers and users should be aware that controlled availability features:</b></p>
        <ul id="controlled_avail_rules">
          <li><b>are not fully supported under subscription level agreements.</b></li>
          <li><b>may not be functionally complete.</b></li>
          <li><b>are not intended for production use.</b></li>
        </ul>
    <p>In some cases, this may be applicable to the entire cloud deployment depending on the
      subsystems affected by the feature in controlled availability. As we consider making future
      iterations of controlled availability features generally available, we will attempt to resolve
        any issues that customers experience when using these features.</p>
  </section>
   
  <section>
   <title>Upgrade Compatibility and Support Scope</title>
    <p>During the development of a controlled availability feature, additional components may become
      available to the public for testing. Because controlled availability features are still under
        development, we cannot guarantee the stability of such features. As a result, if you are
        using controlled availability features, you may not be able to seamlessly upgrade to subsequent 
        Eucalyptus releases.</p>
    <p>Some controlled availability features are included in this release to provide early access to features that
        we may support fully in future releases, but we cannot guarantee that support will be
        provided or issues resolved in a future release. Some controlled availability features may only
        be available for specific hardware architectures.</p>
   <p>The Eucalyptus customer success team may create bug reports on behalf of support
        cases filed by subscribed customers. These bug reports will then be forwarded to 
        Eucalyptus engineering as proposed for inclusion in a future release.</p>
  </section>
  
   <section>
     <title>Current Controlled Availability Features</title>
     <p>The following features are in controlled availability for this Eucalyptus release:</p>
     
<!--     If there are no features in controlled availability, insert this text. 
       Otherwise hide it for the release and list the features. -->
     
     <ul>
       <li>There are no features in controlled availability in this release.</li>
<!--   <li>For example: VPC - see <xref href="../user-guide/vpc_intro.dita">
         Using Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)</xref>.</li>
       <li></li>
       <li></li> -->
     </ul>
   </section>
   
 </conbody>
</concept>
