<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="nw_managed_novlan_shared">
	<title>Managed (No-VLAN) Mode</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>networking <indexterm>configuration
							<indexterm>managed (no VLAN)</indexterm>
					</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<taskbody>
		<context id="nw_managed_novlan_oview_shared">
			<p>In Managed (No-VLAN) mode, Eucalyptus does not use VLANs to
				isolate the network bridges attached to VMs from each other.
				Configure each CC to use an Ethernet device that lies within the
				same broadcast domain as all of its NCs.</p>
			<p>To configure for Managed (No VLAN) mode:</p>
		</context>
	</taskbody>

	<task id="nw_managed_novlan_clc_shared">
		<title>CLC Configuration</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>No network configuration required.</p>
			</context>

		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="nw_managed_novlan_cc_shared">
		<title>CC Configuration</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<note type="important">You must set
						<codeph>VNET_PUBLICIPS</codeph> identically on all CCs
					in a multi-cluster configuration.</note>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Log in to the CC and open the
							<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
						file.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Go to the <b>Network Configuration</b> section,
						uncomment and set the following:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>VNET_MODE="MANAGED-NOVLAN"
VNET_SUBNET="[Subnet for VMs private IPs. Example: 192.168.0.0]"
VNET_NETMASK="[Netmask for the vnet_subnet. Example: 255.255.0.0]"
VNET_DNS="[DNS server IP]"
VNET_ADDRSPERNET="[Number of simultaneous instances per security group]"
VNET_PUBLICIPS="[Free public IP 1] [Free public IP 2] ..."
VNET_LOCALIP="[IP address that other CCs can use to reach this CC]"
VNET_DHCPDAEMON="[Path to DHCP daemon binary. Example: /usr/sbin/dhcpd3]"
VNET_DHCPUSER='[DHCP user. Example: dhcpd]"</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd> If your NCs are not reachable from end-users directly
						and the CC has two (or more) Ethernet devices of which
						one connects to the client/public network and one
						connects to the NC network, or the single Ethernet
						device that the CC uses to connect to both clients and
						NCs is NOT ‘eth0’, then you must also uncomment and
						set:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>VNET_PRIVINTERFACE="[Ethernet device on same network as NCs. Example: eth1]"

VNET_PUBINTERFACE="[Ethernet device on ‘public’ network. Example: eth0]"</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Save the file. </cmd>

				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Repeat on each CC in your system.</cmd>
					<info>
						<note type="important">Each CC must have the same
							configuration with the exception of the
								<codeph>VNET_LOCALIP</codeph> value, which
							should be machine-specific.</note>
					</info>
				</step>

			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="nw_managed_novlan_nc_shared">
		<title>NC Configuration</title>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Log into an NC machine and open the
							<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
						file.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Go to the <b>Network Configuration</b> section,
						uncomment and set the following:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>VNET_MODE="MANAGED-NOVLAN"
VNET_BRIDGE="[bridge name. Example: br0]"</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Repeat on each NC.</cmd>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
