<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="osg_configure">
    <title>Configure Object Storage Gateways</title>
    <abstract>
        <p>You must configure an object storage gateway (OSG) before it will function properly. OSGs that
            have been registered but not properly configured will be listed in the <codeph>BROKEN</codeph> state when
            listed with the euca-describe-services command. For example:</p>
        <p>
            <codeph>SERVICE objectstorage objectstorage osg-192.168.1.16 BROKEN 23
                http://192.168.1.16:8773/services/objectstorage
                arn:euca:bootstrap:objectstorage:objectstorage:osg-192.168.1.16/</codeph>
        </p>
    </abstract>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To configure an OSG:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Specify a storage provider using the <codeph>euca-modify-property</codeph>
                    command. To use RiakCS as the backend, you will need to pick "s3" as the storage
                    provider. For example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euca-modify-property -p objectstorage.providerclient=s3</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Specify the RiakCS/S3 endpoint that you wish to use with Eucalyptus. For
                    example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euca-modify-property -p
                        objectstorage.s3provider.s3endpoint=riakcs-01.riakcs-cluster.myorg.com</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Provide your RiakCS credentials to access your RiakCS installation: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euca-modify-property -p objectstorage.s3provider.s3accesskey=&lt;RiakCS access key>
euca-modify-property -p objectstorage.s3provider.s3secretkey=&lt;RiakCS secret key></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After successful configuration, check to ensure that the state of the OSG is
                        <codeph>ENABLED</codeph> by running the
                        <codeph>euca-describe-services</codeph> command. For example: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>SERVICE objectstorage objectstorage osg-192.168.1.16 ENABLED 23
                        http://192.168.1.16:8773/services/objectstorage
                        arn:euca:bootstrap:objectstorage:objectstorage:osg-192.168.1.16/</codeph>
                </info>
                <info>
                    <p>If the state appears as <codeph>DISABLED</codeph> or <codeph>BROKEN</codeph>,
                        please check the cloud-*.log files in the
                            <codeph>/var/log/eucalyptus</codeph> directory. A
                            <codeph>DISABLED</codeph> state generally indicates that there is a
                        problem with your network or credentials.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
