<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="osg_configure_ha">
	<title>Configure Object Storage Gateway</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic details how to configure OSG for either Walrus or Riak. </shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>You must configure an object storage gateway (OSG) before it will function properly. OSGs
				that have been registered but not properly configured will be listed in the
					<codeph>BROKEN</codeph> state when listed with the euca-describe-services command. For
				example:</p>
			<codeph>SERVICE objectstorage objectstorage osg-192.168.1.16 BROKEN 23
				http://192.168.1.16:8773/services/objectstorage
				arn:euca:bootstrap:objectstorage:objectstorage:osg-192.168.1.16/</codeph>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<task id="osg_configure_walrus">
		<title>Configure OSG for Walrus</title>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the primary CLC, enter <codeph>walrus</codeph> as the storage provider using the
							<codeph>euca-modify-property</codeph> command.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeph>euca-modify-property -p objectstorage.providerclient=walrus</codeph>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Repeat on the secondary CLC.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Check that the OSG is enabled.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-services</codeblock>
						<p>If the state appears as <codeph>DISABLED</codeph> or <codeph>BROKEN</codeph>, check
							the cloud-*.log files in the <codeph>/var/log/eucalyptus</codeph> directory. A
								<codeph>DISABLED</codeph> state generally indicates that there is a problem with
							your network or credentials.</p>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="osg_configure_riak">
		<title>Configure OSG for Riak</title>

		<taskbody>

			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the primary CLC:</cmd>
					<substeps>

						<substep>
							<cmd>Enter <codeph>riakcs</codeph> as the storage provider using the
									<codeph>euca-modify-property</codeph> command.</cmd>
							<info>
								<codeph>euca-modify-property -p objectstorage.providerclient=riakcs</codeph>
							</info>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Specify the RiakCS/S3 endpoint that you want to use with Eucalyptus. For example: </cmd>
							<info>
								<codeph>euca-modify-property -p
									objectstorage.s3provider.s3endpoint=riakcs-01.riakcs-cluster.myorg.com</codeph>
							</info>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd> Provide your RiakCS credentials to access your RiakCS installation: </cmd>
							<info>
								<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p objectstorage.s3provider.s3accesskey=&lt;RiakCS access key>
euca-modify-property -p objectstorage.s3provider.s3secretkey=&lt;RiakCS secret key></codeblock>
							</info>
						</substep>
					</substeps>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Repeat on the secondary CLC.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>After successful configuration, check to ensure that the state of the OSG is
							<codeph>ENABLED</codeph> by running the <codeph>euca-describe-services</codeph>
						command. For example: </cmd>
					<info>
						<codeph>SERVICE objectstorage objectstorage osg-192.168.1.16 ENABLED 23
							http://192.168.1.16:8773/services/objectstorage
							arn:euca:bootstrap:objectstorage:objectstorage:osg-192.168.1.16/</codeph>
					</info>
					<info>
						<p>If the state appears as <codeph>DISABLED</codeph> or <codeph>BROKEN</codeph>, check
							the cloud-*.log files in the <codeph>/var/log/eucalyptus</codeph> directory. A
								<codeph>DISABLED</codeph> state generally indicates that there is a problem with
							your network or credentials.</p>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
