<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="planning_edge_shared">
	<title>Edge Mode</title>
	<shortdesc>Edge mode offers the most features of the EC2 Classic-compatible networking modes. It is
		designed to integrate into already extant (or straightforward to deploy) underlying network
		topologies. However, Edge mode can impose constraints in certain environments, in which case
		you can choose another mode.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>networking modes <indexterm>edge</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	
	<conbody>
		<p>In Edge networking mode, the components responsible for implementing <ph
				conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> VM networking artifacts are running
			at the edge of a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> deployment: the
			Linux host machines acting as Node Controllers (NC). On each NC host machine, a <ph
				conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> stand-alone service, eucanetd, runs
			side-by-side with the NC service. The eucanetd service receives dynamically changing <ph
				conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> networking views and is responsible
			for configuring the Linux networking subsystem to reflect the latest view.</p>
			<p>Edge networking mode integrates with your existing network infrastructure, allowing you to
				inform <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>, through configuration parameters for Edge mode, about the existing network,
				which <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> then will consume when implementing the networking view.</p>
			
			<p>Edge networking mode integrates with two basic types of pre-existing network setups:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>One flat IP network used to service <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> component systems, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					VM public IPs (elastic IPs), and <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> VM private IPs.</li>
				<li>Two networks, one for <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> components and <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> VM public IPs, and the other for
					<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> VM private IPs.</li>
			</ul>
			<note type="important">Edge networking mode will not set up the network from scratch as do
			Managed and Managed (No VLAN) modes. Instead, it integrates with networks that already
			exist. If the network, netmask, and router don't already exist, you must create them
			outside <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> before configuring Edge
			mode.</note>
		<section>
			<title>Edge Mode Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Each NC host machine must have an interface configured with an IP on a VM public and a VM
					private network (which can be the same network). <ul>
						<li>There must be unused IP addresses on the VM public network for <ph
								conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> to assign VM elastic
							IPs.</li>
						<li>There must be unused IP addresses on the VM private network for <ph
								conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> to assign VM private
							IPs.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>There must be IP connectivity from each NC host machine (where eucanetd runs) and the 
					CLC host machine, so that network path from instances to the metadata server (running 
					on the CLC host machine) can be established.</li>
				<li>There must be a functioning router in place for the private network. This router will be the default gateway for VM instances.</li>
				<li>The private and public networks can be the same network, but they can
					also be separate networks.</li>
				<li>The NC host machines need a bridge configured on the private network, with the bridge
					interface itself having been assigned an IP from the network.</li>
				<li>If you're using a public network, the NC host machines need an interface on the public
					network as well (if the public and private networks are the same network, then
					the bridge needs an IP assigned on the network).</li>
				<li>If you run multiple zones, each zone can use the same network as its private network, or
					they can use separate networks as private networks. If you use separate
					networks, you need to have a router in place that is configured to route traffic
					between the networks.</li>
				<li>If you use private addressing only, the CLC host machine must have a route back to the VM
					private network.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Edge Mode Limitations</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Global network updates (such as security group rule updates, security
					group VM membership updates, and elastic IP updates) are applied through
					an "eventually consistent" mechanism, as opposed to an "atomic" mechanism. That is, there may
					be a brief period of time where one NC has the new state implemented but another NC has the
					previous state implemented.</li>
				<li>Mappings between VM MAC addresses and private IPs are strictly enforced. This means that
					instances cannot communicate using addresses the cloud has not assigned to
					them.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		
	</conbody>
</concept>
