<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="preparing_ports_shared">
	<title>Reserve Ports</title>
	<shortdesc><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> components use a variety of ports to communicate. The
		following table lists the all of the important ports used by
		<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>. </shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>

			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colname="left" colwidth="1*"/>
					<colspec colname="right" colwidth="4*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry colname="left">Port</entry>
							<entry colname="right">Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 5005</entry>
							<entry>DEBUG ONLY: This port is used for debugging
								<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> (using the <codeph>--debug</codeph>
								flag).</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8772</entry>
							<entry>DEBUG ONLY: JMX port. This is disabled by
								default, and can be enabled with the
								<codeph>--debug</codeph> or
								<codeph>--jmx</codeph> options for
								<codeph>CLOUD_OPTS</codeph>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8773</entry>
							<entry>Web services port for the CLC, user-facing services (UFS), object storage gateway
								(OSG), Walrus SC; also used for external and internal communications
								by the CLC and Walrus. Configurable with
								<apiname>euctl</apiname>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8774</entry>
							<entry>Web services port on the CC. Configured in
								the <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
								configuration file</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8775</entry>
							<entry>Web services port on the NC. Configured in
								the <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
								configuration file.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8777</entry>
							<entry>Database port on the CLC</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8779 (or next available port, up to TCP
								8849)</entry>
							<entry>jGroups failure detection port on CLC, UFS, OSG, Walrus SC. If port 8779 is available,
								it will be used, otherwise, the next port in the range will be
								attempted until an unused port is found.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8888</entry>
							<entry>The default port for the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Management Console. Configured in the
									<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus-console/console.ini</filepath>
								file.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 16514</entry>
							<entry>TLS port on Node Controller, required for instance migrations</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>UDP 7500</entry>
							<entry>Port for diagnostic probing on CLC, UFS, OSG, Walrus SC</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>UDP 8773</entry>
							<entry>Membership port for any UFS, OSG, Walrus, and SC</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>UDP 8778</entry>
							<entry>The bind port used to establish multicast communication</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP/UDP 53</entry>
							<entry>DNS port on UFS</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>UDP 63822</entry>
							<entry>eucanetd binds to localhost port 63822 and uses it to detect and avoid running
								multiple instances (of eucanetd)</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
			<p><note>For information about ports used by MidoNet, see the <xref
						href="http://docs.midokura.com/docs/v5.2/en/operations-guide/content/service_ports.html"
						format="html" scope="external">MidoNet Operations Guide</xref> (Category
				OpenStack can be ignored).<draft-comment author="mereditk">Check MidoNet version # and doc paths each release - match
					the compat matrix for the release! NOTE that Midokura changes doc repo frequently.
					GLOBAL SEARCH on "docs.midokura.com" across all docs.</draft-comment></note></p>
		</context>
		
	</taskbody>
</task>
