<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="reuse">
  <title>Reusable Information</title>
	<prolog>
		<copyright id="copyright">
			<copyryear year="2011"></copyryear>
			<copyrholder>&#169; 2012, Eucalyptus Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Eucalyptus is a registered
			trademark of Eucalyptus Systems, Inc.
			</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus</keyword>
			</keywords>	
			<prodinfo id="prod_info">
				<prodname>Private and hybrid cloud computing software</prodname>
				<vrmlist><vrm version="3.0" release="0" modification="0"/></vrmlist>
				<platform>Linux</platform>
				<component>Linux&#174; is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries.
					Windows is a registered trademark of the Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other
					countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners</component>
				<!--<prognum>SN-12345T</prognum>-->
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
				
	</prolog>
  <body>
  	
  	
  	<p id="certificate_info">Eucalyptus Subscription allows you access to additional software
  		modules. If you are a subscriber, you will receive an entitlement certificate and a
  		private key that allow you to download Eucalyptus subscription modules. You will also receive a GPG public key to be
  		used to verify the Eucalyptus software's integrity. The files will come in the form of a platform specific package.</p>
  	
  	<note id="install_ha_note" type="restriction">If you are deploying HA, you must install these
  		packages on pairs of systems. For instance, “eucalyptus-cloud” is installed on the primary CLC
  		and the secondary CLC.</note>
  	
  	<codeblock id="euca_start">service eucalyptus-cloud start</codeblock>
  	
  	<p id="euca_install_ha_note" product="ha">If you plan to install Eucalyptus HA, we recommend that
  		you install each Eucalyptus component on a separate host. For example, if you are installing
  		CLC, Walrus, CC, and SC, you will install each of these components on a separate
  		host. You will also install each secondary component (the secondary CLC, Walrus, CC, and SC) on
  		a separate host. In this case, you will need eight machines. Each additional cluster needs four
  		more machines for its CCs and SCs. This does not account for NCs,
  		which are not redundant.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
