<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_rk3_chl_ff">
 <title>Network Requirements</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus components require a minimum of one, 1GBps Network Interface Card (NIC). In
   practice, for network isolation and scalability more NICs are recommended. If you are running in
   either MANAGED or MANAGED-NOVLAN network mode, the Cluster Controller is required to have two
   NICs - one connected to the Cloud Controller, one connected to the Node Controllers.</p>
  <p>10Gbps NICs might be useful on Cluster Controller hosts running in MANAGED or MANAGED-NOVLAN
   network mode. In these network modes the Cluster Controllers act as IP routers for the virtual
   machines running in the cloud, and routing might benefit from the increased bandwidth provided by
   these NICs.</p>
  <p>In a Eucalyptus HA configuration, each functional NIC should be bonded to a second NIC, and
   each NIC should be connected to a separate physical network.  </p>
  <p>UDP multicast capability is required for address 228.7.7.3 when Eucalyptus Java-based
   components are run on separate physical hosts. The Java-based components include the Cloud
   Controller, Walrus, Storage Controllers, and the VMware Brokers.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
