<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_wys_5gl_ff">
 <title>Storage Requirements</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus hosts require a minimum of 30 GB of storage that is supported by the host operating
      system. Eucalyptus recommends at least at least 250GB or more on the Walrus, Storage
      Controllers, and Node Controllers in order to create useful clouds.   Larger storage sizes
      support greater numbers of virtual machines, images, volumes, and snapshots.</p>
  <p>Eucalyptus IaaS Subscription offers optional support for certain SAN arrays.  These include:<ul
    id="ul_pd5_zgm_1h">
    <li>Dell EqualLogic PS4000 and PS6000 series arrays</li>
    <li>NetApp FAS2000 and FAS6000 series arrays</li>
        <li>EMC VNX series arrays</li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>These arrays can be used by the Storage Controller to provide Eucalyptus Block Store (EBS)
            volumes to instances running on the Node Controllers. Check the Eucalyptus Web site or
            contact a Eucalyptus representative to find the latest list of supported arrays.  </p>
        <p>Please use the latest Eucalyptus documentation to ensure that you have the correct
            firmware and array management software for your array solution.  For example, the EMC
            VNX series arrays require minimum FLARE and Navisphere Software versions.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
