<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="db_install">
    <title>Installing Eucalyptus</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>To install Eucalyptus on Debian Sid (Unstable), perform the following tasks.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Install the Eucalyptus components:</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-cloud eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-walrus eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
            	</info>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Configure the <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file. Because this is a single
        			node installation on a network with DHCP, we will use System mode for networking, which is the default. The only option you should need to change is:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>VNET_BRIDGE="br0"</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Create your network bridge. For more information, go to <xref
        			href="https://help.ubuntu.com/community/NetworkConnectionBridge" type="html" scope="external">https://help.ubuntu.com/community/NetworkConnectionBridge</xref>.</cmd>
        		
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Start the Cloud Controller (CLC):</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud start</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Fetch and source your credentials:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca_conf --get-credentials admin.zip
unzip admin.zip
source eucarc</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Start the cloud components and register services:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca_conf --register-walrus -H &lt;hostname> -C walrus -P walrus
euca_conf --register-sc -H &lt;hostname> -C SC_&lt;NAME> -P PARTI00
euca_conf --register-cluster -H &lt;hostname> -C CC_&lt;NAME> -P PARTI00
service eucalyptus-cc start
euca_conf --register-nodes &lt;hostname>
service eucalyptus-nc start</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>At this point, you have a running cloud.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Verify the components:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca-describe-walruses ; euca-describe-storage-controllers ; euca-describe-clusters</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>Eucalyptus returns output similar to the following:
        		<codeblock>WALRUS    walrus    walrus             192.168.51.251     ENABLED    {}
STORAGECONTROLLER    PARTI00  SC_251   192.168.51.251     ENABLED    {}
CLUSTER    PARTI00            CC_251   192.168.51.251     ENABLED    {}</codeblock>
        		</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>ensure that the Node Controller (NC) is advertising resources:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca-describe-availability-zones verbose</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>Eucalyptus returns output similar to the following:
        		<codeblock>AVAILABILITYZONE    PARTI00    192.168.51.251 arn:euca:eucalyptus:PARTI00:cluster:CC_251/
AVAILABILITYZONE    |- vm types    free / max   cpu   ram  disk
AVAILABILITYZONE    |- m1.small    0004 / 0004   1    128     2
AVAILABILITYZONE    |- c1.medium    0002 / 0002   1    256     5
AVAILABILITYZONE    |- m1.large    0001 / 0001   2    512    10
AVAILABILITYZONE    |- m1.xlarge    0000 / 0000   2   1024    20
AVAILABILITYZONE    |- c1.xlarge    0000 / 0000   4   2048    20</codeblock>
        		</stepresult>
        	</step>
        </steps>
        <result>Congratulations! You should now have a fully configured cloud. Check out the <xref
				format="pdf" href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/3.1.1/ug.pdf">User Guide</xref> to
			learn about bundling and uploading images to your cloud.</result>

    </taskbody>
</task>
