<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="task_install_vddk">
    <title>Install VDDK</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Install the VMware’s VIX DiskLib dynamic libraries (VDDK) on the front end. These libraries are contained within the <filepath>vmware-vix-disklib-distrib</filepath> directory within the eucalyptus dependences tarball.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the installer script, accepting the End User License Agreement and selecting the default install prefix [/opt/packages/vddk] as the root directory where all folders will be placed, as shown:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>[root@clc]# cd eucalyptus-deps*/vmware-vix-disklib-distrib
[root@clc]# ./vmware-install.pl
Creating a new VMware VIX DiskLib API installer database using the tar4 format.
Installing VMware VIX DiskLib API.
You must read and accept the VMware VIX DiskLib API End User License Agreement to continue. Press enter to display it.
Do you accept? (yes/no) yes
 
Thank you.
What prefix do you want to use to install VMware VIX DiskLib API?
The prefix is the root directory where the other
folders such as man, bin, doc, lib, etc. will be placed.
/opt/packages/vddk
 
The installation of VMware VIX DiskLib API 1.1.0 build-163495 for Linux completed 
successfully. You can decide to remove this software from your system at any time 
by invoking the following command:
"/usr/bin/vmware-uninstall-vix-disklib.pl".
Enjoy,
 
--the VMware team</codeblock>
                    <draft-comment>Check that the spacing is correct in the above example.</draft-comment> 
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
