<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="component_placement">
 <title>Planning for Your Hardware</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>You can install Eucalyptus in various ways. You can install the CLC, Walrus, CC, and SC on one
 		machine, and an NC on one or more machines. Or you can install each component on an independent
 		physical server. This gives each component maximal local resource usage. </p>
 	<p>Often your decision about how to distribute Eucalyptus
 		components across an installation must trade deployment simplicity for performance or
 		high-availability. For example, placing all cloud and cluster components on a single machine can
 		simplify administration because there is only one machine to monitor and control for the
 		Eucalyptus control services. However, each of the components deploys as an independent web
 		service. If these components must share a single physical server, the physical resources that can be given to each service may become a performance bottleneck.  </p>
 	<p>In general, the Eucalyptus components are designed to be run in any combination on the various physical servers in a data center. However, the majority of use cases can be satisfied by the below descriptions of deployment models.</p>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
