<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="configuring_security_groups">
	<title>Set Up Security Groups</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>In Managed and Managed (No VLAN) networking modes, you must configure the system with
 		parameters that define how Eucalyptus will allocate and manage virtual machine networks. These
 		virtual machine networks are known as security groups.  The relevant parameters are set in the
 		<filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> on all machines running a CC. These parameters are:</p>
 	<ul>
 	<li><codeph>VNET_SUBNET</codeph></li>
 	<li><codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph></li>
 <li><codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph></li>
 	</ul>
 	<p>The CC will read <codeph>VNET_SUBNET</codeph> and <codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph> to construct a
 		range of IP addresses that are available to all security groups. This range will then be further
 		divided into smaller networks of the size specified in <codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph>.</p>
 	
 	<p>The first time an instance runs in a given security group, Eucalyptus chooses an unused range
 		of IPs of size specified in <codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph>. Eucalyptus then implements this
 		network across all CCs. All instances that run within this given security group obtain a specific
 		IP from this range.</p>
 	
 	<note type="tip">Ten of the IP addresses within each security group network are 
 		reserved for Eucalyptus to use as gateway addresses, broadcast address, etc.  For example, if you
 		set <codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph> to <codeph>32</codeph>, there will be 22 free IPs that are available for
 		instances running in that security group.  </note>
 	
 	<p>In Managed mode, each security group network is assigned an additional parameter that is used
 		as the VLAN tag. This parameter is added to all virtual machine traffic running within the
 		security group. By default, Eucalyptus uses VLAN tags starting at 2, going to a maximum of 4094.
 		The maximum is dependent on how many security group networks of the size specified in
 		<codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph> fit in the network defined by <codeph>VNET_SUBNET</codeph> and <codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph>. </p>
 	<p>If your networking environment is already using VLANs for other reasons, Eucalyptus supports
 		the definition of a smaller range of VLANs that are available to Eucalyptus. To set this range
 		with a running and configured Eucalyptus installation:</p>
 	
 	<ol>
 		<li>Determine the range that your cluster controllers are configured to support.
 			<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep cluster.maxnetworktag  
euca-describe-properties | grep cluster.minnetworktag</codeblock>
 		</li>
 		<li>Define a range that is a proper subset of the above bounds.
 		<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p cloud.network.global_max_network_tag=&lt;max_vlan_tag>
euca-modify-property -p cloud.network.global_min_network_tag=&lt;min_vlan_tag></codeblock></li>
 	</ol>
 
 <!--	<p>To determine the number of active security groups, divide the number of IP addresses available
 		by the number of addresses per network. In our example there are 65536 addresses available (192.168.0.0/16). If we divide by the number of addresses per network (set to 32 below), we find the maximum number of subnets is (65536 / 32 = 2048). We also need to know the number of VLANs available to Eucalyptus. You can find this in the Eucalyptus Dashboard under the configuration tab > Clusters > Use VLAN tags.</p> 
 		<p>For the purposes of illustration, let's assume the default range of available VLANs in the
 			Dashboard is set from 10 to 4095. The total number of available security groups is computed as</p>
 		<codeblock>#security groups = min(VLAN-end, #subnet) - VLAN-start</codeblock>
 	<p>In our example:</p>
 		<codeblock>min(4095, 2048) - 10 =  2038</codeblock>
 		<p>Thus we can have 2038 active security groups at any given time if the Eucalyptus Dashboard is set to “10 to 4095.”  If the Dashboard value is changed to “2 to 4095” then the available security groups would be 2046. It is using the Web UI restriction mechanism that a site can specify a VLAN range Eucalyptus to use. Calculating the total number of security groups, each of which requires a separate VLAN and subnet, requires this specific computation.</p>-->
 </conbody>
</concept>
