<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="configuring_network_modes">
 <title>Configure Network Modes</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <taskbody><context>
 	<p>This section provides detailed configuration instructions for each of the four Eucalyptus
 		networking modes. Eucalyptus requires network connectivity between its clients (end-users) and the cloud components (CC, CLC, and Walrus). In Managed and Managed (No VLAN) modes, traffic to instances pass through the CC. So, in these two modes clients must be able to connect to the CC. In System and Static modes, clients need to connect directly to the NC. The CC does not act as a router in these two modes.</p>
 		
 		<p>The <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file contains all network-related options in in the “Networking Configuration” section. These options use the prefix VNET_. The most commonly used VNET options are described in the following table. The set of networking settings that apply to a cloud varies based on its networking mode. Each setting in this section lists the modes in which it applies. Unless otherwise noted, all of these settings apply only to CCs.</p>
 	
 	<p>The <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file contains all network-related options in
 		in the Networking Configuration section. These options use the prefix VNET_.
 		The most commonly used VNET options are described in the following table.</p>
 	<table>
 		<tgroup cols="3">
 			<colspec colname="left" colwidth="20*"/>
 			<colspec colname="mid" colwidth="60*"/>
 			<colspec colname="right" colwidth="20*"/>
 			<thead>
 				<row>
 					<entry colname="left">Option</entry>
 					<entry colname="mid">Description</entry>
 					<entry colname="right">Modes</entry>
 				</row>
 			</thead>
 			<tbody>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_MODE</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>The networking mode in which to run. The same mode must be specified on all CCs and NCs in the entire cloud. 
 						<p>Valid values: <codeph>STATIC</codeph>, <codeph>SYSTEM</codeph>, <codeph>MANAGED</codeph>, <codeph>MANAGED-NOVLAN</codeph>, </p>
 						<p>Default: <codeph>SYSTEM</codeph></p></entry>
 					<entry>All</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_PRIVINTERFACE</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>The name of the network interface that is on the same network as the NCs. In Managed and Managed (No VLAN) modes this must be a bridge for instances in different clusters but in the same security group to be able to reach one another with their private addresses.
 						<p>Default: <codeph>eth0</codeph></p></entry>
 					<entry><p>Static</p><p>Managed</p><p>Managed (No VLAN)</p></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_PUBINTERFACE</codeph></entry>
 					<entry><b>On a CC</b>, this is the name of the network interface that is connected to the “public” network.
 						<p><b>On an NC</b>, this is the name of the network interface that is connected to the same network as the CC. Depending on the hypervisor's configuration this may be a bridge or a physical interface that is attached to the bridge.</p>
 						<p>Default: <codeph>eth0</codeph></p></entry>
 					<entry>Managed
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_BRIDGE</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>On an NC, this is the name of the bridge interface to which instances' network interfaces should attach. A physical interface that can reach the CC must be attached to this bridge. Common settings include <codeph>xenbr0</codeph> for older Xen versions, <codeph>eth0</codeph> for newer Xen versions, and <codeph>br0</codeph> for KVM. </entry>
 					<entry><p>Static</p><p>System</p><p>Managed (No VLAN)</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_MACMAP</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>A map of MAC addresses to IP addresses that Eucalyptus should allocate to instances when running in Static mode. Separate MAC addresses and IP addresses with = characters. Separate pairs with spaces.
 						<p>Example: <codeph>VNET_MACMAP="00:01:02:03:04:05=192.168.1.1 A1:A2:A3:A4:A5:A6=192.168.1.2"</codeph> </p>  
 					</entry>
 					<entry>Static</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_PUBLICIPS</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>A space-separated list of individual and/or hyphenated ranges of public IP addresses to
 						assign to instances. If this is undefined then instances will receive only private IP
 						addresses. For example:
 						<codeblock>VNET_PUBLICIPS="173.205.188.140-173.205.188.254"</codeblock>
 					</entry>
 					<entry><p>Managed</p><p>Managed (No-VLAN)</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_SUBNET, VNET_NETMASK</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>The address and network mask of the network the cloud should use for instances' private IP addresses. </entry>
 					<entry><p>Static</p> <p>Managed</p> <p>Managed (No VLAN)</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET</codeph></entry>

 					<entry>Eucalyptus assigns a distinct subnet of private IP addresses to each security group.
 						This setting dictates how many addresses each of these subnets should contain. Specify a power of 2 between 16 and 2048. This is directly related, though not equal, to the number of instances that may reside in each security group. <!--This option is set to a power of 2 (16, 24, 32, 64, etc,) but it should never be less than 8 and it cannot be larger than: (the total number of available IP addresses - 2).-->

 						<!--<p>This option is used with VNET_NETMASK to determine how the IP addresses that are available to
 							VMs are distributed among security groups. VMs within a single security group can communicate directly. Communication between VMs within a security group and clients or VMs in other security groups is controlled by a set of firewall rules. For example, setting</p>
 						<codeblock>VNET_NETMASK="255.255.0.0"
 						VNET_ADDRSPERNET="32"</codeblock>
 						<p>defines a netmask of 255.255.0.0 that uses 16 bits of the IP address to specify a
 							network number. The remaining 16 bits specify valid IP addresses for that network meaning
 							that 2^16 = 65536 IP addresses are assignable on the network.  Setting <codeph>VNET_ADDRSPERNET="32"</codeph> tells Eucalyptus that each security group can have at most 32 VMs in it (each VM getting its own IP address). Further, it stipulates that at most 2046 security groups can be active at the same time since 65536 / 32 = 2048. Eucalyptus reserves two security groups for its own use.</p>
 						<p>	In addition to subnets at Layer 3, Eucalyptus uses VLANs at Layer 2 in the networking stack to ensure isolation (Managed mode only). </p>-->
 					</entry>
 					<entry><p>Managed</p>, <p>Managed (No VLAN)</p></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_DNS</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>The address of the DNS server to supply to instances in DHCP responses.</entry>
 					<entry><p>Static</p><p>Managed</p><p>Managed (No VLAN)</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_BROADCAST, VNET_ROUTER</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>The network broadcast and default gateway to supply to instances in DHCP responses.</entry>
 					<entry>Static</entry>
 				</row>
 				
 				<!--<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_MACPREFIX</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>This option is used to specify a prefix for MAC addresses generated by Eucalyptus for
 						VM instances. The prefix has to be in the form <codeph>HH:HH</codeph> where H is a
 						hexadecimal digit. Example: <codeph>VNET_MACPREFIX="D0:D0"</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>System, Managed, Managed (No VLAN)
 					</entry>
 				</row>-->
 				
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_LOCALIP</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>By default the CC automatically determines which IP address to use when setting up tunnels to other CCs. Set this to the IP address that other CCs can use to reach this CC if tunneling does not work.</entry>
 					<entry><p>Managed</p><p>Managed (No-VLAN)</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_DHCPDAEMON</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>The ISC DHCP executable to use. This is set to a distro-dependent value by packaging.
 						The internal default is <codeph>/usr/sbin/dhcpd3</codeph>.</entry>
 					<entry><p>Static</p> <p>Managed</p> <p>Managed (No VLAN)</p></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>VNET_DHCPUSER</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>The user the DHCP daemon runs as on your distribution. For CentOS 5, RHEL5, and
 						RHEL 6 this is typically <userinput>root</userinput>. In Ubuntu 10.04 LTS, this is typically
 						<userinput>dhcpd</userinput>.
 						<p>Default: <codeph>dhcpd</codeph></p></entry>
 					<entry><p>Static</p> <p>Managed</p> <p>Managed (No VLAN)</p></entry>
 				</row>
 			</tbody>
 		</tgroup>
 	</table></context>
 </taskbody>
	
</task>
