<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="configuring_managednovlan_mode">
    <title>Managed (No VLAN) Mode</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>In Managed (No VLAN) mode, Eucalyptus does not use VLANs to isolate the network bridges attached to VMs from each other. Configure each CC to use an Ethernet device that lies within the same broadcast domain as all of its NCs.</p>
        	<p>To configure for Managed (No VLAN) mode:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Log in to the CLC and open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file.</cmd>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Navigate to the following section, uncomment and enter your IP configuration:</cmd>
        		
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>VNET_MODE=" MANAGED-NOVLAN "
VNET_SUBNET="192.168.0.0"
VNET_NETMASK="255.255.0.0"
VNET_DNS="&lt;your_dns_server_ip>"
VNET_ADDRSPERNET="&lt;#_of_similtaneous_instances_per_security_group>"
VNET_PUBLICIPS="&lt;your_free_public_ip_1 your_free_public_ip_2 ..."
VNET_LOCALIP="&lt;your_public_interface's_ip>"</codeblock>
        			<note type="caution">If <codeph>VNET_ADDRESSPERNET</codeph> is too large relative to <codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph> you may have very few security groups or the CLC may refuse to start altogether. If the value obtained from the integer division of the total number of IP addresses (computed from <codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph>) and the number of IP addresses per security group (specified in <codeph>VNET_ADDRESSPERNET</codeph>) is less than 2, the CLC will not start VMs because it believes that there are no security groups available.</note>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Uncomment and modify the following lines:<draft-comment>???Is this self-explanatory?
        			I don't know what to what to enter for VNET_DHCPUSER.</draft-comment></cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>VNET_DHCPDAEMON=&lt;path_to_DHCP_daemon> 
VNET_DHCPUSER=&lt;DHCP_user></codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<!-- Not required, per Vika.
        		<step>
        		<cmd>If If the CLC and CC components are on separate machines, open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file on the CC, uncomment, and edit the following line:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>VNET_CLOUDIP="&lt;ip-of-cloud-controller>"</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
        	</step>-->
        	<step>
        		<cmd>If you are running multiple clusters, specify the IP address that the CC used to
        			register with the CLC:<draft-comment>???On which component?</draft-comment></cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>VNET_LOCALIP="&lt;ip-of-cluster-controller>"</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On each NC server, open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file, uncomment, and edit the following lines: </cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>VNET_BRIDGE="&lt;bridge_name>"</codeblock>
        			<p>and</p>
        			<codeblock>VNET_MODE=" MANAGED-NOVLAN"</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
