<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="config_drbd">
    <title>Configure DRBD</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<note type="restriction">This section is for Eucalyptus HA. If you are not using HA, skip this section.</note>
        	
        	
        	
        	<p>Before you begin, ensure that you have the following information:</p>
        	<ul>
        		<li>The IP address and hostname of each Walrus</li>
        		<li>The DRBD block device name of each Walrus. In the following examples, we assume that
        			DRBD block device name is <filepath>/dev/drbd1</filepath>.</li>
        		<li>The DRBD backing disk partition names on each Walrus. A partition (either on a new disk or an existing disk) should be dedicated to Walrus. The partition sizes should be identical.</li>
		</ul>
		<note type="tip">Consider backing the DRBD resource with a logical volume using LVM, this will make growing the backing store easier in the future if you are running low on disk space.</note>
        	<p>Configuring DRBD requires that you edit the Eucalyptus DRBD file
        		to include your Walrus information, and edit the master DRBD file to tell it to look
        		for the Eucalyptus DRBD file. </p>
    	
        	<p>To configure DRBD:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
          <step>
          	<cmd>Log in to the primary Walrus.</cmd>
          </step>  
        	<step>
            	<cmd>Load the DRBD module</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>modprobe drbd</codeblock>
            	</info>
        		<stepresult>There is no output from this command.</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Copy the example Eucalyptus DRBD file
        			(<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf.example</filepath>) to
        			<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf</filepath>.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf</filepath> file and make the following edits:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<ul>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;walrus-host-1></codeph> to the hostname (output of `uname -n`) of the primary Walrus.</li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;drbd-block-dev, e.g., /dev/drbd1></codeph> to
        					<codeph>/dev/drbd1</codeph></li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;drbd-backing-disk-dev, e.g. /dev/sdb1></codeph> to
        					<codeph>/dev/sdb1</codeph></li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;walrus-host-1-ip></codeph> to the IP address of the primary Walrus.</li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;walrus-host-2></codeph> to the hostname (output of `uname -n`) of the
        					secondary Walrus.</li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;drbd-block-dev, e.g., /dev/drbd1></codeph> to
        					<codeph>/dev/drbd1</codeph></li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;drbd-backing-disk-dev, e.g. /dev/sdb1></codeph> to
        					<codeph>/dev/sdb1</codeph></li>
        				<li>Change the value of <codeph>&lt;walrus-host-2-ip></codeph> to the IP address of the
        					secondary Walrus.</li>
        			</ul>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>
        			<p>The file should look like the following example:</p>
        			<codeblock>common {
  protocol C;
}

resource r0 {
  
  on walrus00.eucalyptus.com {
    device    /dev/drbd1;
    disk      /dev/sdb1;
    address   192.168.58.1:7789;
    meta-disk internal;
  }

  on walrus01.eucalyptus.com {
    device    /dev/drbd1;
    disk      /dev/sdb1;
    address   192.168.58.2:7789;
    meta-disk internal;
  }

  syncer {
    rate 40M;
  }

  net {
    after-sb-0pri discard-zero-changes;
    after-sb-1pri discard-secondary;
  }
}</codeblock>
        			<note type="important">On RHEL 6 and Ubuntu, remove the <codeph>common</codeph> section
        				(<codeph>common { protocol C; }</codeph>). The configuration in these distributions already include a common section.</note>
        		</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save and close the file.</cmd>
        	</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Open the master DRBD file (<filepath>/etc/drbd.conf</filepath>) and append the following line:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>include "/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf";</codeblock>
						<note type="important">For Ubuntu, you must also remove the <codeph>common</codeph> section
							(<codeph>common { protocol C; }</codeph>) and the line <codeph>include
								"drbd.d/*.res";</codeph>.</note>
					</info>
					<!--<stepresult>
						<p>For example:</p>
						<codeblock>include "drbd.d/global_common.conf";
include "drbd.d/*.res";
include "/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf";</codeblock>
					</stepresult>-->
				</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save and close the file.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file and make the
        			following configuration:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>CLOUD_OPTS="-Dwalrus.storage.manager=DRBDStorageManager"</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Copy the <filepath>/etc/drbd.conf</filepath>, the
        			<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf</filepath>, and the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> files to the secondary Walrus server.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Restart Walrus, first on the primary, and then on the secondary. Restarting the primary Walrus
                             will trigger an HA failover to the secondary, and restarting the secondary will fail back, preparing
                             the entire system for the next steps.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud restart</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the primary Walrus, associate the DRBD block device (<filepath>/dev/drbd1</filepath>) with the disk
        			partition allocated for Walrus (<filepath>/dev/sdb1</filepath>).</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>drbdmeta --force /dev/drbd1 v08 /dev/sdb1 internal create-md
drbdadm attach r0
drbdadm connect r0</codeblock>
				<note type="important">Repeat this step on the secondary Walrus.</note>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Set up the DRBD block device on the primary Walrus:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>drbdsetup /dev/drbd1 syncer -r 110M
drbdadm -- --overwrite-data-of-peer primary r0</codeblock>

        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the primary Walrus only, run the following command to indicate whether the data on
        			the DRBD primary and secondary is consistent:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>drbdadm dstate r0</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<stepresult>Wait for the output to display <codeph>UpToDate/UpToDate</codeph>, then
        			continue to the next step.
        			<note type="tip">To view the synchronization process in near-realtime, run <codeph>watch
        				-n 2 cat /proc/drbd</codeph>.</note>
        		</stepresult>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the primary Walrus, create a filesystem on <filepath>/dev/drbd1</filepath>.
        			Eucalyptus supports ext3 or ext4. For example: </cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>mkfs.ext3 /dev/drbd1</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the primary CLC, tell Eucalyptus to use DRBD parameters configured in the DRBD
        			config file so Walrus can write to the correct device:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p walrus.blockdevice=/dev/drbd1
euca-modify-property -p walrus.resource=r0</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
			
		</taskbody>

</task>
