<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="configuring_vmware_vddk">
    <title>Install VDDK</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>If you are using VMware, install the VMware’s VIX DiskLib dynamic libraries (VDDK) on the machine that you plan to install the VMware Broker on (i.e., the CC machine). </p>
        	<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/certificate_info" />
        	<note type="warning">The VMware VDDK library installer will not run on a system running a Xen kernel.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Log in to the machine that you will install the CC on.</cmd>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Download the VDDK tarball.</cmd>
        	<info>
        		<codeblock>wget --certificate &lt;license_name>-1.3.0.crt --private-key &lt;license_name>.key https://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/enterprise/3.0/dependencies/eucalyptus-deps-3.0.tar.gz</codeblock>
        	</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Extract the installer for the VDDK library using the following commands:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>tar xzf eucalyptus-deps-3.0.tar.gz
cd eucalyptus-deps-3.0
tar xzf vmware-vix-disklib-distrib.tgz
cd vmware-vix-disklib-distrib</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Run the installer script, accepting the End User License Agreement and selecting the default install prefix as the root directory where all folders will be placed, as shown:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>./vmware-install.pl
Creating a new VMware VIX DiskLib API installer database using the tar4 format.
Installing VMware VIX DiskLib API.
You must read and accept the VMware VIX DiskLib API End User License Agreement to continue. Press enter to display it.
Do you accept? (yes/no) yes

Thank you.
What prefix do you want to use to install VMware VIX DiskLib API?
The prefix is the root directory where the other
folders such as man, bin, doc, lib, etc. will be placed.
/opt/packages/vddk

The installation of VMware VIX DiskLib API 1.1.0 build-163495 for Linux completed successfully. You can decide to remove this software from your system at any time by invoking the following command:
"/usr/bin/vmware-uninstall-vix-disklib.pl".
Enjoy,

--the VMware team</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
