<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="configuring_vmware_ebs">
    <title>Enable EBS Support</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>To enable VMware support for dynamic block volume support (like Amazon’s Elastic Block Store) in Eucalyptus, configure each of the ESX/ESXi nodes in your infrastructure to support iSCSI. Given a node that is licensed for iSCSI support, this amounts to enabling and configuring the gateway for the VMkernel network. To accomplish that, perform the following steps with vSphere client pointed either at vCenter or at a particular ESX/ESXi node:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Click a host in left-hand-side panel.</cmd>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> tab.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Select <uicontrol>Networking</uicontrol> in the secondary left-hand-side panel.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>If there is no <uicontrol>VMkernel</uicontrol> network listed, add it by performing the following tasks:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Add Networking...</uicontrol> in the upper-right corner.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>VMkernel</uicontrol> and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click a switch (e.g., <uicontrol>Use vSwitch0</uicontrol>) and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click the label <uicontrol>VLAN ID</uicontrol> (if any) and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click dynamic or static network configuration and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Click <uicontrol>DNS and Routing</uicontrol> in the secondary left-hand-side panel.</cmd>
        		
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>If VMkernel does not have a gateway, add it by performing these steps:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Properties...</uicontrol> in upper-right corner.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Routing</uicontrol> tab, enter the gateway's IP, and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<postreq>For more information about configuring vSphere, go to the VMware website at <xref
    		format="html" href="http://www.vmware.com/support/pubs/vs_pubs.html">http://www.vmware.com/support/pubs/vs_pubs.html</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
