<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="enabling_san_netapp">
	<title>Enable NetApp SANs</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>NetApp Filer devices (FAS 2000 and FAS 6000 series) are managed by Eucalyptus using NetApp
				ONTAPI (version 7.3.3 or above). Enable ONTAPI and provide administrative Eucalyptus with access
				to OTAPI. To configure NetApp Filer and enable NetApp SANs:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Enable and verify API access to NetApp Filer.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify that an aggregate with sufficient spare capacity exists.</cmd>
				<choices>
					<choice>If you have SSH access to the NetApp Filer, enter <codeph>aggr
							show_space</codeph>.</choice>
					<choice>If an aggregate with spare capacity does not exist, create
						one using the <codeph>aggr create</codeph> command.</choice>
				</choices>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify that you have a license for FlexClone installed. At the shell prompt, enter
					<codeph>license</codeph> to see the list of all installed licenses.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Write down the administrator credentials (or create an administrator account for
					Eucalyptus). You will need to configure Eucalyptus with these credentials later.
					<draft-comment>When? We don't show this.</draft-comment></cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the SC, open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file and make the
					following configuration:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>CLOUD_OPTS="-Debs.storage.manager=SANManager 
 -Debs.san.provider=NetappProvider"</codeblock>
					
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Restart the SC. If the SC is not installed separately, restart the CLC.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
