<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="enabling_san" props="subscribe">
	<title>Configure SAN Support</title>
	<shortdesc></shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note conref="shared_notes.dita#shared_notes/tip_san_only"/>
			
			<p>To use the SAN integration feature that Eucalyptus provides, configure supported SAN devices
				to allow Eucalyptus to manage the SAN. Eucalyptus automatically creates and tears down volumes,
				snapshots, and data connections from guest instances. The administrator does not need to pre-allocate volumes or LUNs for Eucalyptus.</p>
		<p>Eucalyptus offers SAN support for EBS. The SANManager module directs the Storage
		Controller (SC) to manage supported SAN devices. Enabling the SANManager requires that you
		configure the <codeph>CLOUD_OPTS</codeph> variable in eucalyptus.conf so that Eucalyptus loads the SANManager module and selects your SAN device at start time.</p>
		
		<p>To configure SAN support:</p>
		<ol>
			<li><xref href="#configuring_sanmanager">Enable SAN access on Eucalyptus</xref></li>
			<li>Enable the specific SAN
				device (<xref href="#enabling_san_dell">Dell</xref>, <xref
					href="#enabling_san_netapp">Netapp</xref>, or <xref href="#enabling_san_jbod">JBOD</xref>)</li>
		</ol>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="configuring_sanmanager">
		<title>Enable SANManager</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>To enable the Eucalyptus SANManager:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following commands:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.sanhost=&lt;SAN_hostname_or_IP_address>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.sanuser=&lt;SAN_admin_user_name>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.sanpassword=&lt;SAN_admin_password></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="enabling_san_dell">
		<title>Enable Dell Equallogic SANs</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the SC, open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file and make the
						following configuration:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>CLOUD_OPTS="-Debs.storage.manager=SANManager 
 -Debs.san.provider=EquallogicProvider"</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Restart the SC. If the SC is not installed separately, restart the CLC.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud restart</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="enabling_san_netapp">
		<title>Enable NetApp SANs</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>NetApp Filer devices (FAS 2000 and FAS 6000 series) are managed by Eucalyptus using NetApp
					ONTAPI (version 7.3.3 or above). Enable ONTAPI and provide administrative Eucalyptus with access
					to OTAPI. To configure NetApp Filer and enable NetApp SANs:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enable and verify API access to NetApp Filer.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that an aggregate with sufficient spare capacity exists.</cmd>
					<choices>
						<choice>If you have SSH access to the NetApp Filer, enter <codeph>aggr
							show_space</codeph>.</choice>
						<choice>If an aggregate with spare capacity does not exist, create
							one using the <codeph>aggr create</codeph> command.</choice>
					</choices>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that you have a license for FlexClone installed. At the shell prompt, enter
						<codeph>license</codeph> to see the list of all installed licenses.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Write down the administrator credentials (or create an administrator account for Eucalyptus). You will need to configure Eucalyptus with these credentials later.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the SC, open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file and make the
						following configuration:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>CLOUD_OPTS="-Debs.storage.manager=SANManager 
 -Debs.san.provider=NetappProvider"</codeblock>
						
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Restart the SC. If the SC is not installed separately, restart the CLC.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud restart</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="enabling_san_jbod">
		<title>Enable Direct Attached Storage (JBOD) SANs</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the SC, open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file and make the
						following configuration:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>CLOUD_OPTS="-Debs.storage.manager=DASManager"
</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Restart the SC. If the SC is not installed separately, restart the CLC.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud restart</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the CLC, set the DAS device name property. The device name can be either a raw device (/dev/sdX, for example),
						or the name of an existing Linux LVM volume group.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;cluster name&gt;.storage.dasdevice=&lt;device name&gt;</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepxmp>
						<p>For example:</p>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p cluster0.storage.dasdevice=/dev/sdb</codeblock>
					</stepxmp>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
