<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="enabling_virtio" props="kvm">
    <title>Enable Virtio</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<draft-comment>Use for building from source</draft-comment>
        	<note>This section only applies to KVM hypervisors. Skip this section if your system does not use KVM.</note>
        	<p>If you have a recent version of the KVM hypervisor (>=60) and guest VMs with Virtio drivers (available for both Linux and Windows), you can use Virtio for I/O of guest VMs. To enable Eucalyptus to use Virtio:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Log in to the NC server and open the<filepath> /etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file.
            	</cmd>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Edit the following parameters:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<ul>
        				<li>Set <codeph>USE_VIRTIO_ROOT</codeph> and <codeph>USE_VIRTIO_DISK</codeph> to
        					<userinput>1</userinput> on CentOS 5, RHEL 5, and RHEL 6 NCs that use KVM or else instances will not start.</li>
        				<li>Set <codeph>USE_VIRTIO_DISK</codeph> to <userinput>1</userinput> if you want Eucalyptus to use Virtio for EBS volumes attached to VMs running on the node.</li>
        				<li>Set <codeph>USE_VIRTIO_ROOT</codeph> to <userinput>1</userinput> if you want Eucalyptus to use Virtio for the root file
        					system disk of all instances started on the NC.</li>
        				<li>Set <codeph>USE_VIRTIO_NET</codeph> to <userinput>1</userinput> if you want
        					Eucalyptus to use Virtio for the network card of all instances started on the NC.</li>
        			</ul>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Restart the NC server. </cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Repeat for each NC server.</cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<postreq>For more information about Virtio, go to <xref format="html"
    		href="http://www.linux-kvm.org/page/Virtio">KVM's Virtio</xref> page, or refer to 
    		<xref format="pdf"
    			href="http://www.linux-kvm.org/wiki/images/d/dd/KvmForum2007%24kvm_pv_drv.pdf">KVM PV Devices</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
