<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_euca_nightlies_centos5" platform="centos5">
    <title>Installing Eucalyptus Nightly Packages on CentOS 5</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
     
        <context>
        	<p>To install Eucalyptus nightly builds on servers running CentOS 5</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
		<step>
		<cmd>Download the Eucalyptus nightly release key from: <xref format="html" href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/security/keys">http://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/security/keys</xref></cmd>
		</step>
		<step>
        		<cmd>Place the Eucalyptus Nightly GPG key in <filepath>/etc/pki/rpm-gpg</filepath>.</cmd>
        			<info>
        				<codeblock>mv 9d7b073c-eucalyptus-nightly-release-key.pub /etc/pki/rpm-gpg/9d7b073c-eucalyptus-nightly-release-key.pub</codeblock>
        			</info>
		</step>
        	<step>
        	<cmd>On all servers create a file in /etc/yum.repos.d called eucalyptus-nightly.repo with the following content:</cmd>
        	<info>
        		<codeblock>[eucalyptus-nightly]
name=Eucalyptus Nightly 3.1
baseurl=https://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/nightly/3.1/centos/$releasever/$basearch
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/9d7b073c-eucalyptus-nightly-release-key.pub
gpgcheck=1
</codeblock>
        	</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Configure the EPEL repository:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Go to <xref format="html" href="http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL">http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL</xref></cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Navigate to <uicontrol>How can I use these extra packages?</uicontrol> and select the newest version for EPEL5.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click the package link to download the RPM.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Install the resultant RPM package with the following command, as root:</cmd>
        				<info>
        					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh epel-release-<i>X</i>-<i>Y</i>.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
        				</info>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On all servers, enter:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum update</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	
		<step>
        		<cmd>If your planned Walrus server is running Xen, install
        			<filepath>kmod-drbd83-xen</filepath> package. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install kmod-drbd83-xen</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>  
        	
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages. The following example shows most components being installed all on the same server. You can use different servers for each component.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cloud eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
        			<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note" />
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
				<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc </codeblock>
					<note type="important">If you are using VMware, you can skip this step.
						Eucalyptus software is not installed on the node machines. The nodes are
						running VMware.</note>
				</info>
        	</step>
        	<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
        		<cmd></cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete.</result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
