<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="install_euca_centos6" platform="centos6">
    <title>Install on CentOS 6</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
    	<context>
    		<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
    		<p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running CentOS 6:</p>
    	</context>
    	<steps>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, you should have received an rpm package file
    			    that you will need to install. If you are not a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>
				<cmd>On all servers, copy over your rpm package file and run the following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh eucalyptus-enterprise-release-3.1-*.rpm</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>

    		<step>
                <note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>

                <cmd>Run the following command on all servers:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum --nogpg install -y http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/
software/eucalyptus/3.1/centos/6/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-3.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		
    		<step>
                <note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>

    			<cmd>On all systems that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, run the following
    				commands:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install -y http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/
euca2ools/2.1/centos/6/x86_64/euca2ools-release-2.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Install the ELRepo repository on the machine that will run Walrus:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum --nogpg install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/
eucalyptus/3.1/centos/6/x86_64/elrepo-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Enable the EPEL repository with the following command:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum --nogpg install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/
eucalyptus/3.1/centos/6/x86_64/epel-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>On all servers, enter:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum update</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages. The following example shows most components being installed all on the same server. You can use different servers for each component.</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum groupinstall eucalyptus-cloud-controller
yum install eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
    				<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note" />
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc </codeblock>
    				<note type="important" product="vmware">If you are using VMware, you can skip this step.
    					Eucalyptus software is not installed on the node machines. The nodes are
    					running VMware.</note>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step props="subscribe" product="vmware">
    			<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use VMware, install the subscription only VMware Broker package
    				on each CC. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step props="subscribe" product="san">
    			<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use SAN support, install the
    				enterprise only SAN package on each SC. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
    			<cmd></cmd>
    		</step>
    	</steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete.</result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
