<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="installing_euca_ubuntu1204" platform="ubuntu1204">
	<title>Install on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
    	<context>
    		<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
    		<p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running Ubuntu 12.04 LTS:</p>
    	</context>
    	<steps>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, you should have received a deb package file
    			    that you will need to install. If you are not a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>
				<cmd>On all servers, copy over your deb package file and run the following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>dpkg -i eucalyptus-enterprise-release_3.1-*precise_all.deb</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Download the Eucalyptus release key from <xref format="html"
    				href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/security/keys"
    				>http://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/security/keys</xref></cmd>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Add the public key to the list of trusted keys.</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-key add c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<!-- Removed per bthomason -->
                <!--<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>-->

    			<cmd>Create a file in <filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called <filepath>eucalyptus.list</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>deb http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.1/ubuntu precise main</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step> 
    		<step>
    			<!-- Removed per bthomason -->
                <!--<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>-->

    			<cmd>On all machines that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, create a file in <filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called euca2ools.list with the following content:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>deb http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/2.1/ubuntu precise main</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Enter the following command on all machines:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-get update</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages and dependencies. The following example shows a package install all on the same server. You can install each component on a different server.</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-cloud eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
    				<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note" />
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
    				<note type="important" product="vmware">If you are using VMware, you can skip this step.
    					Eucalyptus software is not installed on these machines. They are
    					running VMware.</note>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step props="subscribe" product="vmware">
    			<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use VMware, install the subscription-only VMware Broker package on each CC
    				server:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step props="subscribe" product="san">
    			<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use SAN support, install the
    				subscription-only SAN package on each SC. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
    			<cmd></cmd>
    		</step>
    	</steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete. </result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
