<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="installing_hypervisors">
	<title>Install Hypervisors</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>Eucalyptus deploys VM instances on a hypervisor. A hypervisor is a software
				abstraction of a physical hardware platform that enables multiple guest operating
				systems to run concurrently on a single physical machine. Eucalyptus is directly
				compatible with both Xen and KVM hypervisors. To interact with these hypervisors,
				Eucalyptus uses the libvirt virtualization API. Alternatively, you can configure
				Eucalyptus to use VMware virtualization technologies with which it communicates
				using web services.</p>
			<p>While it is usually possible to use Xen and KVM with any of the supported
				distributions, the level of effort necessary, and the quality of the resulting
				platform for different distribution-hypervisor combinations varies. Before choosing
				an open source hypervisor and a Linux distribution, we recommend that you consider
				the level of support that the community reports for a specific combination.</p>
			<p>Eucalyptus supports the Xen hypervisor for CentOS 5 and RHEL 5, and KVM for CentOS 6,
				RHEL 6 and Ubuntu. </p>
			<!--	<p>When Eucalyptus is installed from packages, some of a hypervisor's configuration is done
			automatically. In the following sections, we describe the configuration steps that are
			necessary in addition to the automatic configuration done by Eucalyptus packages for common
			hypervisor-distribution combinations.</p>-->
			<note type="important">Be sure to set the <codeph>ulimit</codeph> parameter to an appropriately
				large value if you expect to launch a large number of instances on the Node
				Controller. For example: <codeph>ulimit -u 63652</codeph></note>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<task id="installing_xen_centos" platform="centos5" product="xen">
		<title>CentOS 5</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/install_xen_body"/>


			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Log in to a host you plan to use as an NC.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Confirm that YUM is working.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Install the Xen kernel package. </cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>yum install kernel-xen </codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Ensure that grub is set up to boot the Xen kernel by default. For example, edit <cmdname>/boot/grub/menu.lst</cmdname> and change:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>default 1</codeblock> to:
						<codeblock>default 0</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Repeat on each planned NC in your system.</cmd>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="install_kvm_centos6" platform="centos6" product="kvm">
		<title>CentOS 6</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>When you install Eucalyptus from packages, KVM will be installed on all NCs. For
					more information about using KVM on CentOS 6, go to the <xref format="html"
						href="http://docs.redhat.com/docs/en-US/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux/6/html/6.0_Release_Notes/virtualization.html"
						scope="external">Virtualization</xref> page.</p>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="installing_xen_rhel5" platform="rhel5" product="xen">
		<title>RHEL 5</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/install_xen_body"/>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Log in to a host you plan to use as an NC.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Confirm that YUM is working.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Make sure that you have set up the required entitlements for RHN
						access.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Install the Xen kernel package. </cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>yum install kernel-xen </codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Repeat on each planned NC in your system.</cmd>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="install_kvm_rhel6" platform="rhel6" product="kvm">
		<title>RHEL 6</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>When you install Eucalyptus from packages, KVM will be installed on all NCs. For
					more information about using KVM on RHEL 6, go to the <xref format="html"
						href="http://docs.redhat.com/docs/en-US/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux/6/html/6.0_Release_Notes/virtualization.html"
						scope="external">Virtualization</xref> page in the Red Hat
					documentation.</p>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="install_kvm_ubuntu1004" platform="ubuntu1004">
		<title>Ubuntu 10.04 LTS</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>When you install Eucalyptus from packages, KVM will be installed on all NCs. For
					more information about installing and using KVM on Ubuntu, go to the <xref
						href="https://help.ubuntu.com/community/KVM" format="html">KVM</xref> page
					in the Ubuntu documentation.</p>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="install_kvm_ubuntu1204" platform="ubuntu1204">
		<title>Ubuntu 12.04 LTS</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>When you install Eucalyptus from packages, KVM will be installed on all NCs. For
					more information about installing and using KVM on Ubuntu, go to the <xref
						href="https://help.ubuntu.com/community/KVM" scope="external" format="html"
						>KVM</xref> page in the Ubuntu documentation.</p>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
