<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="installing_euca_centos" platform="centos5">
	<title>Install on CentOS 5</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
			<p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running CentOS 5:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the Euca2ools package repository on each host that will run a
					Eucalyptus component or Euca2ools:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/2.1/centos/5/x86_64/euca2ools-release-2.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the Eucalyptus package repository on each host that will run a
					Eucalyptus component:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.1/centos/5/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-3.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the EPEL package repository on each host that will run a Eucalyptus
					component or Euca2ools:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.1/centos/5/x86_64/epel-release-5.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			
			<step>
				<cmd>If you have a Eucalyptus subscription, you will have received a package that
					grants you access to VMware and SAN components. If you wish to use either of
					these components, install this package on each host that will run a Eucalyptus
					component using the following command. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh eucalyptus-enterprise-release-3.1*.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>

				<cmd>If your planned Walrus host runs a Xen kernel, install the kmod-drbd83-xen
					package on that host. Otherwise, skip this step. </cmd>

				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install kmod-drbd83-xen</codeblock>
				</info>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Install the Eucalyptus cloud controller software on each planned CLC
					host:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum groupinstall eucalyptus-cloud-controller</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Install the Eucalyptus node controller software on each planned NC host.
					Clouds that use the VMware hypervisor do not have NCs; if you plan to use VMware
					then skip this step.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install the software for the remaining Eucalyptus components. The following
					example shows most components being installed on the same host. We recommend
					using different hosts for each component.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>If you have a Eucalyptus subscription and plan to use the VMware hypervisor,
					install the Eucalyptus VMware broker software on each CC host:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>If you have a Eucalyptus subscription and plan to use Eucalyptus's SAN
					capabilities, install the Eucalyptus SAN adapter software on each SC host:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>After you have installed Eucalyptus, test multicast connectivity between each
					CLC and Walrus, SC, and VMware broker host.</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Run the following receiver command on the CLC: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>java -classpath /usr/share/eucalyptus/jgroups-2.11.1.Final.jar org.jgroups.tests.McastReceiverTest -mcast_addr 224.10.10.10 -port 5555</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Run the following sender command on each Walrus host: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>java -classpath /usr/share/eucalyptus/jgroups-2.11.1.Final.jar org.jgroups.tests.McastSenderTest -mcast_addr 224.10.10.10 -port 5555</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Repeat the previous step on each SC host and VMware broker host.
						</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> If you are installing an HA environment, repeat these tasks with the
							second CLC. </cmd>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>Your installation is complete.</result>
		<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure
			Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
	</taskbody>
</task>
