<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="installing_euca_rhel5" platform="rhel5">
    <title>Install on RHEL 5</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
            <p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running RHEL 5:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, you should have received an rpm package file
    			    that you will need to install. If you are not a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>
				<cmd>On all servers, copy over your rpm package file and run the following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh eucalyptus-enterprise-release-3.1-*.rpm</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>

            <step>
                <note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>

                <cmd>Run the following commands on all servers:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>wget http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/
3.1/rhel/5/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-3.1.noarch.rpm
rpm -Uvh eucalyptus-release-3.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
        	
        	<step>
                <note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>

        		<cmd>On all systems that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, run the following
        			commands:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>wget http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/
2.1/rhel/5/x86_64/euca2ools-release-2.1.noarch.rpm
rpm -Uvh euca2ools-release-2.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Enable the Cluster-Storage repository in Red Hat Network for each SC:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Go to <xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://rhn.redhat.com">https://rhn.redhat.com</xref></cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Navigate to the system that will run the SC.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Alter Channel Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Make sure the <uicontrol>RHEL Cluster Storage</uicontrol> checkbox is checked.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Change Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Enable the Virtualization repository in Red Hat Network for each NC:</cmd>
        		<substeps>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>On <xref format="html" href="http://rhn.redhat.com">http://rhn.redhat.com</xref>, navigate to the system that will run the NC.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Alter Channel Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Make sure the <uicontrol>RHEL Virtualization</uicontrol> checkbox is checked.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        			<substep>
        				<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Change Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
        			</substep>
        		</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the machine(s) that will run Walrus, create a file in <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d</filepath> called <filepath>centos-extras.repo</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>[centos-extras]
name=CentOS 5 - Extras
mirrorlist=http://mirrorlist.centos.org/?release=5&amp;arch=$basearch&amp;repo=extras
gpgkey=file:///etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-CentOS-5
gpgcheck=1</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Download the key that CentOS uses to sign their packages:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>wget http://mirror.centos.org/centos/RPM-GPG-KEY-CentOS-5</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Copy the resulting file to
        			<filepath>/etc/pki/rpm-gpg/RPM-GPG-KEY-CentOS-5</filepath>:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>mv RPM-GPG-KEY-CentOS-5 /etc/pki/rpm-gpg</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Configure the EPEL repository:</cmd>
			<substeps>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Go to <xref format="html" href="http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL">http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL</xref></cmd>
				</substep>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Navigate to <uicontrol>How can I use these extra packages?</uicontrol> and select the newest version for EL5.</cmd>
				</substep>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Click the package link to download the RPM.</cmd>
				</substep>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Install the resultant RPM package with the following command, as root:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>rpm -Uvh epel-release-<i>X</i>-<i>Y</i>.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
				</info>
				</substep>
			</substeps>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>If your planned Walrus server is running Xen (possible, but not recommended), install
        			<filepath>kmod-drbd83-xen</filepath> package. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install kmod-drbd83-xen</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>  
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On all servers, enter:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum update</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages. The following example shows most components being installed all on the same server. You can use different servers for each component.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum groupinstall eucalyptus-cloud-controller
yum install eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
        			<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note" />
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
				<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
					<note type="important">If you are using VMware, you can skip this step.
						Eucalyptus software is not installed on these machines. They are
						running VMware.</note>
				</info>
        	</step>
        	<step props="subscribe" product="vmware">
        		<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use VMware, install the subscription only VMware Broker package
        			on each CC. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step props="subscribe" product="san">
        		<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use SAN support, install the
        			enterprise only SAN package on each SC. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
        		<cmd></cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete.</result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
