<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="middle_tier">
 <title>Cluster Components</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>The Eucalyptus components deployed in the cluster level of a Eucalyptus deployment are the Cluster Controller (CC), Storage Controller (SC), and VMware Broker.</p>
 	<note type="tip">The VMware Broker is available by subscription only. You do not need the VMware
			Broker unless you are using VMware hypervisor.</note>
 	<p>You can install all cluster components on a single machine, or you can distribute them on different machines. The choice of one or multiple machines is dictated by the demands of user workload in terms of external network utilization (CC) and EBS volume access (SC). </p> 
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>CC Placement</title>
 		
 		<p>If you plan to use elastic IPs and security groups, the CC physical machine becomes a software IP gateway between VM instances and the public network. Because of this software routing function, the physical server on which the CC is deployed should have fast, dedicated network access to both the NC network, and the public network. </p>
 		<p>If you don’t plan to use elastic IPs or security groups, the CC physical machine will not act as a software gateway. Network traffic will be limited to small control messages. </p>
 		<p>In all cases, place the CC on a machine that has TCP/IP connectivity to the Eucalyptus front end servers 
 			and the NC servers in its cluster.</p> 
 		
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>SC Placement</title>
 		
 		<p>The machine on which the SC is deployed must always have TCP/IP connectivity to the CLC. If you are a subscriber and use one of Eucalyptus’ provided SAN integration drivers, the SC must also have TCP/IP connectivity to the chosen SAN device. In this case, the SC only sends control messages to the SAN. </p>
 		<p>If you do not configure a SAN, the SC requires only TCP/IP connectivity to the NCs in the cluster. The SC will use this TCP/IP connectivity to provide the NCs network access to the dynamic block volumes residing on the SC’s storage. SC storage should consist of a fast, reliable disk pool (either local file-system or block-attached storage) so that the SC can create and maintain volumes for the NCs. The capacity of the disk pool should be sufficient to provide the NCs with enough space to accommodate all dynamic block volumes requests from end-users</p>
 		
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Subscription only: VMware Broker Placement</title>
 		
 		<p>The VMware Broker resides on the CC. If you are using more than one cluster, make sure that
 			the VMware Broker is installed on the CC in the cluster that will be using VMware components
 			(vCenter Server or ESX/ESXi). </p>
 		<p>Make sure that the VMware Broker is able to communicate with the various VMware
				components (vCenter Server or ESX/ESXi) in its cluster. For instance, one should be
				able to connect from the CC/VB host to the vSphere endpoint on ports 443, 902, and
				903.</p>
 		
 	</section>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
