<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="planning_system">
	<title>System Mode</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>This is the simplest networking mode, but it also offers the smallest number of networking
			features. In this mode, Eucalyptus simply assigns a random MAC address to the VM instance before
			booting and attaches the VM instance's Ethernet device to the physical ethernet through the NC's bridge. Then, VM instances can obtain an IP address using DHCP, the same way any machine using DHCP would obtain an address. </p>
			<p>There is very little Eucalyptus configuration required to use System mode. Eucalyptus mostly stays out of the way in terms of VM networking. This mode requires a pre-configured DHCP server already active on the physical subnet. This server must be reachable by the machines hosting NC components. This mode is most useful for users who want to try out a simple Eucalyptus installation.</p>
		
		<section>
			<title>System Mode Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>The physical Ethernet device on each NC that communicates with the CC must be bridged. </li>
				<li>A pre-existing DHCP server must be running and configured and reachable from the
					NCs.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>System Mode Limitations</title>
			<ul>
				<li>No elastic IPs </li>
				<li>No security groups</li>
				<li>No VM isolation</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

	</conbody>
</concept>
