<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="planning_managed_novlan">
	<title>Managed (No VLAN) Mode</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>In Managed (No VLAN) mode, Eucalyptus fully manages the local VM instance network and
			provides all of the networking features Eucalyptus currently supports, including security
			groups, elastic IPs, etc. However, it does not provide VM network isolation. Without VLAN isolation
			at the bridge level, it is possible in Managed (No VLAN) mode for a root user on one VM to snoop and/or interfere with
			the ethernet traffic of other VMs running on the same layer 2 network.</p>
		<note type="tip">In Managed (No VLAN) mode, VM isolation is provided by having different
			security groups on different subnets—this translates into Layer-3 only VM isolation.</note>

		<section>
			<title>Managed (No VLAN) Mode Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>There must be an available range of IP addresses for the virtual subnets. This range
					must not interfere with the physical network. Typically these IP addresses are selected
					from the private IP ranges: 192.168.x.x, 10.x.x.x, etc. </li>
				<li>Any firewall running on the Cluster Controller must be compatible with the dynamic changes
					performed by Eucalyptus when working with security groups. (Note that Eucalyptus
					will flush the 'filter' and 'nat' tables upon boot). </li>
				<li>A range of public IP addresses must be available for use by Eucalyptus. </li>
				<li>The CC must have a DHCP server daemon installed that is compatible with ISC DHCP Daemon
					version 3.0.X.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Managed (No VLAN) Mode Limitations</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Limited (Layer-3) VM isolation.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

	</conbody>
</concept>
