<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="preparing_vlan">
    <title>Prepare VLAN</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<note type="tip">You only need to read this section if you are using Managed mode. If you aren’t using Managed mode, skip this section.</note>
        	<p>Managed networking mode requires that switches and routers be “VLAN clean.” This means
        		that switches and routers must allow and forward VLAN tagged packets. If you plan to use the Managed networking mode, you can verify that the network is VLAN clean between machines running Eucalyptus components by performing the following test.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Choose two IP addresses from the subnet you plan to use with Eucalyptus, one VLAN tag from the range of VLANs that you plan to use with Eucalyptus, and the network interface that will connect your planned CC and NC servers. 
            		The examples in this section use the IP addresses 192.168.1.1 and 192.168.1.2, VLAN tag 10, and network interface eth3, respectively. 
            	</cmd>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the planned CC server, choose the interface on the local Ethernet and run:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>vconfig add eth3 10
ifconfig eth3.10 192.168.1.1 up</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On a planned NC server, choose the interface on the local network and run:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>vconfig add eth3 10
ifconfig eth3.10 192.168.1.2 up</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the NC, ping the CC:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>ping 192.168.1.1</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the CC, ping the NC:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>ping 192.168.1.2</codeblock>
        		</info>
        		<choices>
        			<choice>If this VLAN clean test fails, configure your switch to forward VLAN tagged packets. If it is a managed switch, see your switch's documentation to determine how to do this.</choice>
        			<choice>If the VLAN clean test passes, continue with the following steps to remove the test interfaces.</choice>
        		</choices>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the CC, remove the test interface by running:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>vconfig rem eth3.10</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>On the planned NC, run:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>vconfig rem eth3.10</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	
    </taskbody>
</task>
