<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="preparing_tcp_ip">
	<title>Verify TCP/IP Connectivity</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	
        	<p>
        		Verify connectivity between the machines you’ll be installing Eucalyptus on. Some Linux
        		distributions provide default TCP/IP firewalling rules that limit network access to machines. Disable these default firewall settings before you install Eucalyptus components to ensure that the components can communicate with one another.</p> 
        		<p>Verify component connectivity by performing the following checks on the machines that
        			will be running the listed Eucalyptus components.
        	</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Verify the connection from an end-user to the CLC on ports 8773 and 8443.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Verify the connection from an end-user to Walrus on port 8773.</cmd>
        	</step>  
        	<step>
            	<cmd>Verify connection from the CLC to Walrus on ports 8773 and 8777.</cmd>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Verify the connectiion from the CLC to the CC on port 8774.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Verify the connection from the CLC to the SC on ports 8773 and 8777.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Verify the connection from the CC to an NC on port 8775.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Verify the connection from an NC to Walrus on port 8773. Or, you can verify the
        			connection from the CC to Walrus on port 8773, and from an NC to the CC on port 8776.</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>If you use VMware with Eucalyptus, verify the connection from the VMware Broker to
        			VMware (ESX, VSphere).</cmd>
        	</step>
        	
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
