<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="registering_components">
 <title>Registering Eucalyptus</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Eucalyptus implements a secure protocol for registering separate components so that the
 		overall system can’t be tricked into including a component run by an unauthorized
 		administrator or user. You only need to register components the first time Eucalyptus is
 		started after it was installed.</p>
 	<p>Most registration commands run on the CLC server. NCs, however, are registered on each CC. You
 	must register each NC on every CC for the cluster on which the NC participates.</p>
 	
 	<p>Note that each registration command will attempt an SSH as root to the remote physical host where the registering component is assumed to be running. The registration command also contacts the component so it must be running at the time of the command is issued. If a password is required to allow SSH access, the command will prompt the user for it.</p>
 	<p>Except for NCs, each registration command requires four pieces of information:</p>
 	<ul>
 	<li>The <b>component</b> (<codeph>--register-XYZ</codeph>) you are registering, because this affects where the commands must be executed.</li>
 	<li>The <b>partition</b> (<codeph>--partition</codeph>) the component will belong to. The partition is the same thing as availability zone in AWS.</li>
 	<li>The <b>name</b> (<codeph>--component</codeph>) ascribed to the component. This is the name used to identify the component in a human-friendly way. This name is also used when reporting system state changes which require administrator attention. This name must be globally-unique with respect to other component registrations. To ensure this uniqueness, we recommend using a combination of the component type (CLC, SC, CC, etc) and system hostname or IP address when you choose your component names. For example: <codeph>clc-eucahost15</codeph> or <codeph>clc-192.168.0.15</codeph>.</li>
 	<li>The <b>IP address</b> (<codeph>--host</codeph>) of the service being registered.</li>
 	</ul>
 	<p>NCs only have two pieces of information: component name and IP address.</p>
 	<!-- Taking this part out because it's not true. Say something specific for each component, or let
 	the tasks speak for themselves. -->
 <!--	<p>In general, each registration command has the following format:</p>
 <codeblock>	/usr/sbin/euca_conf -\-register-&lt;component_type> -\-partition=&lt;partition_name> 
 	-\-name=&lt;component_unique_name> &lt;machine_IP_address></codeblock>-->
 
 </conbody>
</concept>
