<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="upgrade">
 <title>Appendix A: Upgrading Eucalyptus</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>If you are upgrading from a previous version of Eucalyptus, follow the directions detailed
 		in this section.</p>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Migrating Users</title>
 		<p>There are two considerations for migrating users during the upgrade process:</p>
 		<ul>

 		<li>In Eucalyptus <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/> the concept of <b>user</b> has changed. What used to be a user is now an
 			<b>account</b>, and the user is an identity within the account. In the upgrade process to
 			Eucalyptus <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/>, users are converted to accounts.</li>
 			<li>Eucalyptus <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/> enforces case insensitivity. So a user labeled <uicontrol>john</uicontrol>

 			and another user labeled <uicontrol>JOHN</uicontrol> will collide during the upgrade process. You
 			must either relabel conflicting accounts or be aware that Eucalyptus will relabel
 			these accounts. For example, the upgrade process will
maintain the <uicontrol>john</uicontrol> label but will relabel the other one as
 			<uicontrol>john-</uicontrol>.</li></ul>
 	</section>
 	<section>
 		<title>Migrating VLAN Range</title>
 		<p>In Eucalyptus 2.x, there were per-cluster settings in the web user interface for
 			<uicontrol>Min VLANs</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Max VLANs</uicontrol>. These values defined the
 			range of numeric VLAN tags allowed for that cluster. In some cases, this was necessary due to
 			limitations of the network switches being used. Failing to preserve these values might break
 			your cloud's network configuration.</p>
 		

 		<p>In Eucalyptus <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/>, the VLAN tag range is a global setting. The safest thing is to

 			choose a range that is the intersection of the user's per-cluster settings from 2.x. However, this will
 			not always be the preferred configuration for each user.</p>
 		
 		<p>Use the <cmdname>euca-describe-properties</cmdname> command to display the new settings:
 		</p>
 		<codeblock>PROPERTY    cloud.network.global_max_network_tag    1000
PROPERTY    cloud.network.global_min_network_tag    2</codeblock>
 	</section>
 	<section>
 		<title>Finding Backup Files</title>
 		<p>The upgrade process creates a backup to
 			<codeph>/var/lib/eucalyptus/upgrade/eucalyptus.backup.&lt;timestamp></codeph>. For example:</p>
 		<codeblock>/var/lib/eucalyptus/upgrade/eucalyptus.backup.1326905212</codeblock>
 		<p>If the upgrade fails and needs to be reverted to your earlier version, you can find your preserved data in this
 			directory.</p>
 	</section>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
