<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_4.4.0">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic lists known issues in <ph
			conref="../../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_longname"/> 4.4.0 and its
		dependencies.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<p>Please contact Eucalyptus Support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<p><b>New known issues for this release:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<colspec colnum="1" colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colnum="2" colname="c2" colwidth="2.44*"/>
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>esi-*</codeph> tools have issues with HTTPS endpoints (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11682"
								scope="external">EUCA-11682</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: Use non-HTTPS endpoints, for example, use localhost region. See linked bug for procedure.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>ImportInstance</codeph> failed to create booting instance 
							on HTTPS-enabled Eucalyptus Cloud (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-12253"
								scope="external">EUCA-12253</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Unable to replace copied object (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-12439"
							scope="external">EUCA-12439</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Copied objects are added as a duplicate object. 
							<p>Workaround: Manually delete the unwanted duplicate entry.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Possible modification or rebuilding Windows images needed to run properly. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-12493"
							scope="external">EUCA-12493</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Windows 2003 no longer supported and images will require modification. 
							<p>Workaround: Manually recreate VMs.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>nodeadmin-unpack-instance</codeph> fails in MANAGED mode. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-12501"
							scope="external">EUCA-12501</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>euserv-migrate-instances</codeph> (formerly <codeph>euca-migrate-instance)</codeph> 
							fails in MANAGED mode. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-12509"
							scope="external">EUCA-12509</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>nodeadmin-pack-instance</codeph> fails to pack instance after live migration 
							because of missing files (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-12641"
								scope="external">EUCA-12641</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>JVM crash after creating numerous Ceph volumes (<xref
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-12953"
								format="html" scope="external">EUCA-12953</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>S3 signature v4 error creating bucket using aws cli (EUCA-<xref
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-13098"
								format="html" scope="external">13098</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Bucket object URLs not displayed properly in IE11 (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2215"
							scope="external">GUI-2215</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: Use another Internet browser if necessary.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Metrics landing page display issues (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2503"
							scope="external">GUI-2503</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In FireFox, if the browser is displayed widely, the <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> menu 
							displays too far right and becomes partially cut off. 
							<p>Workaround: Narrow the width of the browser or use another Internet browser.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ELB Instances page doesn't always automatically select instances in the ELB. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2567"
							scope="external">GUI-2567</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Issue appears intermittent. See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Memcache is not cleared when user adds a new image or makes image public. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2669"
							scope="external">GUI-2669</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When a user adds an image or changes permissions on image, it does not take effect immediately. 
							The refresh time is considerable.
							<p>Workaround: To make images available sooner, restart the console by running 
								<codeph>servicectl restart eucaconsole</codeph>.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Authorize ports for ELB created in VPC.(<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2673"
							scope="external">GUI-2673</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>When a public image is made private, other users can still list it and 
							try launching instance with it resulting in an error.(<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2682"
							scope="external">GUI-2682</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When a user changes permissions on image, it does not take effect immediately. 
							The refresh time is considerable.
							<p>Workaround: To make images available sooner, restart the console by running 
								<codeph>servicectl restart eucaconsole</codeph>.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Internal server error on fresh install of eucaconsole.(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-2700"
								scope="external">GUI-2700</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>It has been determined that python-nss cannot be installed on the same system with eucaconsole.
							<p>Workaround: See <xref format="html"
								href="https://support.eucalyptus.com/hc/en-us/articles/210311806"
								scope="external">Knowledge Base article 210311806</xref>.</p></entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>

<!--		<p><b>Outstanding known issues from previous releases:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>TBD</entry>
						<entry>TBD</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>-->
		
	</conbody>
</concept>
