<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_1gh_3vn_1h">
 <title>Installing Community Packages Repo Files</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Installing the Enterprise Linux Repository (ELRepo) RPM installs the
        <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d/elrepo.repo</filepath> file on the Walrus. This repo file
      configures the operating system to download the necessary software to the Walrus from
      network-based repositories. Eucalyptus uses ELRepo on the Walrus host because ELRepo is used
      to install Distributed Replicated Block Device (DRBD) software, which is required for Walrus
      HA.  </p>
  <p>The following command will download and install the correct elrepo file for a CentOS 6.3 host.
      For more information about installing the elrepo software on other Linux distributions and
      versions, see the <i>Installation Guide</i> for 3.2 at <xref
        href="https://www.eucalyptus.com/docs" format="html" scope="external"
        >https://www.eucalyptus.com/docs</xref>. </p>
  <p>
   <codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.2/ \
centos/6/x86_64/elrepo-release-6.el6.elrepo.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
  </p>
  <p>On all hosts, installing the Enterprise Linux (EPEL) RPM installs the
        <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d/epel.repo</filepath> file. This repo file configures the
      operating system for a number of utilities that Eucalyptus does not package, such as vtun,
      python26, and various perl libraries.  </p>
  <p>The following command will download and install the correct EPEL repo file for a CentOS 6.3
            host. For more information about installing the EPEL software on other Linux
            distributions and versions, see the Installation Guide for 3.2 at
            http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs. </p>
  <p>
   <codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.2/ \
centos/6/x86_64/epel-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
  </p>
  <p/>
 </conbody>
</concept>
