<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="osg_guide_welcome">
	<title>Object Storage Gateway Overview</title>
	<shortdesc>Placeholder index topic for object storage gateway review topics.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus</keyword>
				<keyword>object storage gateway</keyword>
				<keyword>Amazon Web Services</keyword>
				<keyword>AWS</keyword>
				<indexterm>object storage gateway</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>

	</prolog>
	<body>
		<p>Welcome to the Eucalyptus Object Storage Gateway Guide.</p>
		
		<p>Guide version: <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#vers/buildversionstring"/></p>
		<section><title>What is an Object Storage Gateway?</title>
			<p> Eucalyptus now includes an implementation of a distributed object storage system that is
				designed to scale out horizontally, with multiple active front end nodes implementing the S3 API.
				The legacy, single node Walrus implementation is superceded by multiple active Object Storage
				Gateways (OSGs), which act as pass through proxies for user requests. The cloud administrator can
				register multiple, active OSGs, which are designed to act as redundant active/active nodes. The
				client may direct requests to any active OSG. OSGs handle authentication and enforce IAM
				(Identity and Access Management) settings. </p>
			<p> Each OSG connects to a distributed backend object store (currently RiakCS). A typical RiakCS
				installation consists of a number of storage nodes (at least 5 for production use) that run
				Riak/RiakCS components. </p></section>
	</body>
</topic>
