<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_jt2_4tt_w2">
 <title>The Eucalyptus Configuration File</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The Eucalyptus cloud is primarily configured from one central file which is present on all
            cloud hosts. This file is named <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> and is located in
            the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus</filepath> directory.</p>
  <p>The file consists of multiple <i>parameter="value"</i> entries that provide startup options
            used by Eucalyptus' initialization scripts. There are parameters to configure the Cloud
            Controller, Walrus, Cluster Controller, Storage Controller, VMware Broker, and the Node
            Controller. Parameters that control network configuration must be modified on all
            Cluster Controllers and Node Controllers.</p>
  <note><b>CAUTION!</b> If you edit a networking related value in
                <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> in a configured cloud, you will need to perform
            a clean restart of all running Cluster Controllers. Use the following procedure: <ol
                id="ol_1vl_pq4_5f">
                <li>Terminate all instances</li>
                <li>Run the following
                    command:<codeblock>service eucalyptus-cc cleanrestart</codeblock></li>
            </ol></note>
  <p>The configuration file is often self-explanatory as it contains many comments and samples on
            how to configure each component. The configuration file available at installation time
            is sufficient to get a cloud system up and running in SYSTEM network mode. The SYSTEM
            network mode provides limited functionality and you likely might be required to change
            to a more appropriate network mode in a production cloud. </p>
  <p>If you would like additional information about the network parameters in the
                <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file, see the <i>Installation Guide</i> at
                <xref href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs" format="html" scope="external"
                >http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs</xref>. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
