<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="images_lin">
	<title>Create Linux Image</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>image tasks <indexterm>create an image
							<indexterm>Linux</indexterm>
					</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note type="important">Before you begin, make sure that your
				hypervisor is installed and properly functioning for the account
				you are going to use.</note>
			<p>To create a root filesystem to be used with Eucalyptus using KVM and an ISO image of the guest OS you want to install:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Download the ISO image of the distro (guest OS) you want to
					install.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Create a virtual disk with the desired size. For example,
					to create a 4 GiB disk:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>dd if=/dev/zero of=&lt;image_name> bs=1M count=4096</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			
			<step>
				<cmd>Start KVM using the CDROM as the boot
					device and new image as the disk.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>/usr/libexec/qemu-kvm -cdrom iso_image -drive if=scsi,file=&lt;image_name>,boot=off</codeblock>
					<note type="note">You need to have a SCSI as a bus because
						Eucalyptus expects the disk to be in
							<filepath>/dev/sda</filepath>.</note>
				</info>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>Install the distro as you would normally would. Do not use
						<codeph>lvm</codeph> or <codeph>md</codeph>. Install
					everything on one partition. Remember the partition on which
					the distro is installed.</cmd>
				<info><note type="important">Most distributions use the MAC
						address to associate each network interface with an
						interface name. To ensure that each instance started
						from the image sees the appropriate network interfaces
						as <codeph>eth0</codeph> etc, you must remove this
						association. Refer to your distribution's documentation
						for information on how to do this. On Debian and Ubuntu,
							<filepath>/etc/udev/rules.d/*net*</filepath> may be
						relevant. On CentOS and RHEL,
							<filepath>/etc/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0</filepath>
						may be relevant. Failure to remove this association may
						leave your instance unable to connect to the
						network.</note></info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Run <codeph>parted</codeph> to find out the starting block
					and the block size of the root file system, in bytes.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>parted &lt;image_name></codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Change the units shown by <codeph>parted</codeph>to
					blocks.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>(parted) u
Unit? [compact]? b</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Print the current partition table using
					<codeph>p</codeph>.</cmd>
				<stepresult>Note the start block and block size for the
					partition to which you will extract the file system. This
					example uses a start block of <codeph>32256</codeph> and a
					block size of <codeph>1024000</codeph>.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Extract the file system.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>dd if=&lt;image_name> of=rootfs.img bs=1 skip=32256 count=1024000</codeblock>
					<note type="tip">If this process is running slowly, you can
						increase the block size. Set <codeph>bs</codeph> to a
						power of two, and divide <codeph>skip</codeph> and
							<codeph>count</codeph> by the same number. For
						example, using a block size of 512, the above becomes
							<codeph>dd if=&lt;image_name> of=rootfs.img bs=512
							skip=63 count=2000</codeph>.</note>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>You now have a root filesystem. Make sure that it is compatible
			with the kernel/initrd you are using in your cloud environment. In
			particular you may want to be sure you have the modules of the
			kernel you are going to use. Then you are ready to <xref
				href="add_existing.dita">add the image</xref> to
			Eucalyptus.</result>
	</taskbody>

</task>
