<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="planning_managed_shared">
	<title>Managed Mode</title>
	<shortdesc>In Managed mode, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> manages the local network
		of VM instances and provides all networking features <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
		currently supports, including VM network isolation, security groups,
		elastic IPs, and metadata service.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>networking modes <indexterm>managed</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	
	<conbody>

		<p>In Managed mode, you define a subnet (usually private, un-routable) from which VM instances
			will draw their private IP addresses. <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
			maintains a DHCP server with static mappings for each VM instance that is created. When
			you create a new VM instance, you can specify the name of the security group to which
			that VM will belong. <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> then selects a
			subset of the entire range of IPs to hand out to other VMs in the same security group. </p>
		<p>You can also define a number of security groups, and use those groups to apply network ingress
			rules to any VM that runs within that network. In this way, <ph
				conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> provides functionality similar to
			Amazon's security groups. In addition, the administrator can specify a pool of public IP
			addresses that users may allocate, then assign to VMs either at boot time or dynamically
			at run-time. This capability is similar to Amazon's 'elastic IPs'.</p>
		<p>Managed mode uses a Virtual LAN (VLAN) to enforce network isolation
			between instances in different security groups. If your underlying
			physical network is also using a VLAN, there can be conflicts that
			prevent instances from being network accessible. So you have to
			determine if your network between the CC and NCs is VLAN clean
			(that is, if your VLANs are usable by <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>). To test if the
			network is VLAN clean, see <xref
				href="../install-guide/preparing_vlan.dita"/>.</p>
		<p>Each VM receives two IP addresses: a public IP address and a private
			IP address. <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> maps public IP addresses to private IP
			addresses. Access control is managed through security groups.</p>
		<p>In Managed networking mode, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> VM networking
			artifacts are enforced at the cluster level: on the Linux host machines acting as the
			CC. On each CC host machine, a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
			stand-alone service, eucanetd, runs side-by-side with the CC service. The eucanetd
			service receives dynamically changing <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
			networking views and is responsible for configuring the Linux networking subsystem to
			reflect the latest view. The eucanetd service also runs on Linux host machines acting as
			NCs, and is responsible for maintaining the network path of instances to their
			corresponding CC.</p>
		<section>
			<title>Managed Mode Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>There must be an available range of IP addresses for the
					virtual subnets. This range must not interfere with the
					physical network. Typically these IP addresses are selected
					from the private IP ranges: 192.168.x.x, 10.x.x.x, etc.</li>
				<li>The network between the CC and NCs must be VLAN clean,
					meaning that all switch ports that <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> components are
					connected to will allow and forward VLAN tagged
					packets.</li>
				<li>Any firewall running on the CC must be compatible with the dynamic changes performed by <ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> when working with security
					groups. (Note that <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> will flush
					the 'filter' and 'nat' tables when it starts).</li>
				<li>Any DHCP server on the subnet must be configured not to
					serve <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> instances.</li>
				<li>There must be a separate Layer 2 network for each cluster in a multiple cluster environment.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Managed Mode Limitations</title>
			<ul>
				<li>The number of instances permitted in each security group is limited by the size
					of the private subnet and the number of security groups you choose to
					allow.</li>
				<li>The machine that hosts the CC will be a router in the data path for any VM
					traffic that is not 'VM private IP to VM private IP, where both VMs
					are in the same security group'.</li>
				<li>Network switch must be properly configured. For more information, see <xref
					href="../install-guide/preparing_vlan.dita"/>.</li>
				<li>The machine that hosts the CC is a single point of failure for
					most VM network communication.
				</li>
				<li>Instances may belong only to one security group each.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		
	</conbody>
</concept>
