<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
"http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="embed1">
  <title>High-level method: embedding
  <apiname>com.xmlmind.ditac.convert.Converter</apiname></title>

  <shortdesc>Quick and easy embedding: embed
  <apiname>com.xmlmind.ditac.convert.Converter</apiname>, the <tm
  tmtype="tm">Java</tm> class which is used to implement the
  <cmdname>ditac</cmdname> command-line utility.</shortdesc>

  <body>
    <p><xref format="html"
    href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/Converter.html"
    scope="external">Converter</xref> is the object which is at the core of
    the <cmdname>ditac</cmdname> command-line utility. Its <xref format="html"
    href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/Converter.html#run(java.lang.String[])"
    scope="external">run</xref> method accepts the same string arguments as
    the <xref href="commandLine.dita"><cmdname>ditac</cmdname> command-line
    utility</xref>.</p>

    <p>The full source code of the <apiname>Embed1</apiname> sample is found
    in <xref format="java" href="embed/Embed1.java"
    scope="external"><filepath>Embed1.java</filepath></xref>.</p>

    <ol>
      <li><p>Create the <apiname>Converter</apiname>.</p><pre
      outputclass="language-java">StyleSheetCache cache = new StyleSheetCache();

Console console = new Console() {
    public void showMessage(String message, MessageType messageType) {
        System.err.println(message);
    }
};

Converter converter = new Converter(cache, console);</pre><ul>
          <li><p><xref format="html"
          href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/StyleSheetCache.html"
          scope="external">StyleSheetCache</xref> is a simple cache for the
          ditac XSLT 2.0 stylesheets. It is a thread-safe object which is
          intended to be shared by several
          <apiname>Converter</apiname>s.</p><p>Unlike
          <apiname>StyleSheetCache</apiname>, <apiname>Converter</apiname> is
          not thread-safe. Each thread must own its
          <apiname>Converter</apiname>. However, the <apiname>run</apiname>
          method of a <apiname>Converter</apiname> may be invoked several
          times.</p></li>

          <li><p><xref format="html"
          href="../api/com/xmlmind/util/Console.html"
          scope="external">Console</xref> is a very simple interface.
          Implementing this interface allows to do whatever you want with the
          messages reported by a <apiname>Converter</apiname>.</p></li>
        </ul></li>

      <li><p>Configure the <apiname>Converter</apiname>.</p><pre
      outputclass="language-java">if (!converter.registerFOP(path("/opt/fop/fop"))) {
    return 1;
}

File xslDir = new File(path("../../../xsl"));
System.setProperty("DITAC_XSL_DIR", xslDir.getAbsolutePath());</pre><ul>
          <li><p>There are several methods which allows to register an XSL-FO
          processor with a <apiname>Converter</apiname>. From high-level ones
          to low-level ones, these methods are: <xref format="html"
          href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/Converter.html#registerFOP(java.lang.String)"
          scope="external">registerFOP</xref>, <xref format="html"
          href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/Converter.html#registerXEP(java.lang.String)"
          scope="external">registerXEP</xref>, <xref format="html"
          href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/Converter.html#registerAHF(java.lang.String)"
          scope="external">registerAHF</xref>, <xref format="html"
          href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/Converter.html#registerXFC(java.lang.String)"
          scope="external">registerXFC</xref>, <xref format="html"
          href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/Converter.html#registerExternalFOConverter(java.lang.String,%20com.xmlmind.ditac.convert.Format,%20java.lang.String)"
          scope="external">registerExternalFOConverter</xref>, <xref
          format="html"
          href="../api/com/xmlmind/ditac/convert/Converter.html#registerFOConverter(com.xmlmind.ditac.convert.FOConverter)"
          scope="external">registerFOConverter</xref>.</p></li>
        </ul><ul>
          <li><p>A <apiname>Converter</apiname> can automatically determine
          where to find the directory containing all the ditac XSLT 2.0
          stylesheets. It assumes that <filepath>ditac.jar</filepath> is in
          the class path of <tm tmtype="tm">Java</tm>. It also assumes that
          <filepath>ditac.jar</filepath> is contained in a
          <filepath>lib/</filepath> directory. The<filepath> xsl/</filepath>
          directory is assumed to be a sibling of the
          <filepath>lib/</filepath> directory.</p><p>However, the situation
          may be very different in applications other than the
          <cmdname>ditac</cmdname> command-line. That's why you may need to
          set the <tt>DITAC_XSL_DIR</tt> system property to the absolute path
          of the <filepath>xsl/</filepath> directory containing the XSLT
          stylesheets.</p></li>
        </ul></li>

      <li><p>Invoke the <apiname>run</apiname> method.</p><pre
      outputclass="language-java">String[] args = {
    "-v",
    "-p", "number", "all",
    outFile.getPath(),
    inFile.getPath(),
};

return converter.run(args);</pre><p>The <apiname>run</apiname> method returns
      0 if the conversion is successful and an integer greater than 0
      otherwise. When the conversion fails, errors messages are displayed on
      the <apiname>Console</apiname>.</p></li>
    </ol>

    <section><title>Compiling and executing the <apiname>Embed1</apiname>
    sample</title><p>Compile the <apiname>Embed1</apiname> sample by running
    <cmdname>ant</cmdname> in
    <filepath><varname>ditac_install_dir</varname>/doc/manual/embed/</filepath>.</p><p>Execute
    the <apiname>Embed1</apiname> sample by running
    <cmdname>ant</cmdname> <tt>embed1</tt> in
    <filepath><varname>ditac_install_dir</varname>/doc/manual/embed/</filepath>.
    This will convert
    <filepath><varname>ditac_install_dir</varname>/docsrc/manual/manual.ditamap</filepath>
    to
    <filepath><varname>ditac_install_dir</varname>/doc/manual/embed/manual.pdf</filepath>,
    using Apache FOP.</p><p>Note that <filepath>Embed1.java</filepath>
    contains ``hardwired filenames''. This means that this sample cannot be
    run from elsewhere than
    <filepath><varname>ditac_install_dir</varname>/doc/manual/embed/</filepath>
    and that you'll almost certainly need to modify the source code in order
    to specify the actual location of the <filepath>fop</filepath>
    (<filepath>fop.bat</filepath>) script.</p></section>
  </body>

  <related-links>
    <link href="embed2.dita">
      <linktext/>
    </link>
  </related-links>
</topic>
