<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="create_keypairs">
	<title>Create Key Pairs</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context id="create_keypairs_context">
			<p>Eucalyptus uses cryptographic key pairs to verify access to instances. Before you can
				run an instance, you must create a key pair. Creating a key pair generates two keys:
				a public key (saved within Eucalyptus) and a corresponding private key (output to
				the user as a character string). To enable this private key you must save it to a
				file and set appropriate access permissions (using the chmod command), as shown in
				the example below.</p>
			<p>When you create a VM instance, the public key is then injected into the VM. Later,
				when attempting to login to the VM instance using SSH, the public key is checked
				against your private key to verify access. Note that the private key becomes
				obsolete when the public key is deleted. </p>
		</context>

	</taskbody>
	<task id="create_keypairs_console">
		<title>Create Key Pairs with the Console</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context/>
			<steps id="create_keypairs_console_steps">
				<step>
					<cmd>From the main dashboard screen, click the <uicontrol>Key Pairs</uicontrol>
						link in the <uicontrol>Network and Security</uicontrol> section, or select
						the Network and Security submenu from the Manage Resources navigation menu.
						The <uicontrol>Manage Keypairs</uicontrol> screen will appear.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the <uicontrol>Manage Key Pairs</uicontrol> screen, click the
							<uicontrol>Create new key pair</uicontrol> link. The <uicontrol>Create
							New Key Pair</uicontrol> dialog will appear.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Type a name for the new key pair into the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text
						box.</cmd>
				</step>

				<step>
					<cmd> Click the <uicontrol>Create and Download</uicontrol> button. The private
						half of the key pair is saved to the default download location for your
						browser. </cmd>
					<info>
						<note importance="high">Keep your private key file in a safe place. If you
							lose it, you will be unable to access instances created with the key
							pair.</note>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Change file permissions to enable access to the private key file in the
						local directory. For example, on a Linux or Mac OS X system:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>chmod 0600 &lt;keypair_name>.private</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>

	<task id="create_keypairs_command">
		<title>Create Key Pairs with the Command Line</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context/>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-add-keypair &lt;keypair_name> > &lt;keypair_name>.private</codeblock>
						<p>where <codeph>&lt;keypair_name></codeph> is a unique name for your
							keypair. For example:</p>
						<codeblock>euca-add-keypair alice-keypair > alice-keypair.private </codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>The private key is saved to to a file in your local
						directory.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Change file permissions to enable access to the private key file in the
						local directory:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>chmod 0600 &lt;keypair_name>.private</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Query the system to view the public key:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-keypairs</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>The command returns output similar to the following:
						<codeblock>KEYPAIR alice-keypair ad:0d:fc:6a:00:a7:e7:b2:bc:67:8e:31:12:22:c1:8a:77:8c:f9:c4</codeblock>
					</stepresult>
				</step>

			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>


</task>
