<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="ebs_image">
	<title>Create an External Volume Machine Image</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>To create an image that boots from an external volume you need to have a pre-existing instance running in
				Eucalyptus. The following example uses an instance called
					<codeph>i-00000000</codeph> running in availability zone
				<codeph>zone1</codeph>.</p>
			<note type="important">Make sure that the volume you create is large enough to hold the image
				you want to boot.</note>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Create a new EBS volume in the same availability zone as the running instance.</cmd>

				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-create-volume --zone zone1 --size 10</codeblock>
				</info>
				<stepresult>The command displays the ID of the newly-created volume. </stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Attach the newly-created volume to the instance.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-attach-volume vol-00000000 -i i-00000000 -d /dev/sdf</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Copy the image (not a bundle) you wish to register to the instance.</cmd>

			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>On the instance, copy the image onto the block device that corresponds to the EBS
					volume you attached.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>dd if=/path/to/image of=/dev/sdf
sync</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Detach the EBS volume from the instance.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-detach-volume vol-00000000</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>The EBS volumes that EBS-backed images use are created from EBS volume snapshots. When
					the EBS volume finishes detaching, create a snapshot of it. The command will display the
					ID of the newly-created snapshot.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-create-snapshot vol-00000000</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>When Eucalyptus finishes creating the snapshot, register a new machine image as you
					would for an instance-store image, but substitute <codeph>-snapshot</codeph> and the newly-created
					snapshot's ID where you would normally supply the path to an image manifest. </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-register --kernel eki-00000000 --ramdisk eri-00000000 --name "my-new-ebs-image" --snapshot snap-00000000</codeblock>
				</info>
				<stepresult>When the command finishes it display the ID of the new EBS-backed machine image.</stepresult>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
