<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="feature_overview">
 <title>Overview of Features</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Eucalyptus offers ways to implement, manage, and maintain your own collection of virtual resources (machines, network, and storage). The following is an overview of these features.</p>
 	<dl>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt>SSH Key Management</dt>
 			<dd>	Eucalyptus employs public and private keypairs to validate user’s identity when logging into VMs using SSH. Eucalyptus users can add, describe and delete keypairs.</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt>Image Management</dt>
 			<dd>Before running instances, VM images must be prepared for use in the cloud. Eucalyptus users can bundle, upload, register, describe, download, unbundle, and deregister VM images.</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt>Linux-based VM Management</dt>
 			<dd>Eucalyptus lets users run their own VM instances in the cloud. Users can run, describe, terminate, and reboot a wide variety of Linux-based VM instances that were prepared using Eucalyptus’ Image Management functions.</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt>Windows-based VM Management</dt>
 			<dd>Eucalyptus users can run, describe, terminate, reboot, and bundle instances of Windows VMs (Windows Server 2003/2008 and Windows 7 supported).</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt>IP Address Management</dt>
 			<dd>Depending on the networking mode, users may have access to elastic IPs — public IP addresses that users can reserve and dynamically associate with VM instances. Eucalyptus users can allocate, associate, disassociate, describe, and release IP addresses.</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt>Security Group Management</dt>
 			<dd>Security groups are sets of firewall rules applied to VM instances associated with the group. Eucalyptus lets users create, describe, delete, authorize, and revoke security groups.</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 		<dlentry>
 			<dt>Volume and Snapshot Management </dt>
 			<dd>Eucalyptus lets users create dynamic block volumes, which are analogous to raw block storage devices that can be used with VM instances. Users can create, attach, detach, describe, bundle, and delete volumes. Users can also create and delete snapshots of volumes and create new volumes from snapshots.</dd>
 		</dlentry>
 
 	</dl>
 </conbody>
</concept>
