<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="login_lin_instance">
    <title>Log in to a Linux Instance</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>When you create a VM instance, Eucalyptus assigns the instance two IP addresses: a public IP address and a private IP address. The public IP address provides access to the instance from external network sources; the private IP address provides access to the instance from within the Eucalyptus cloud environment. Note that the two IP addresses may be the same depending on the current networking mode set by the administrator. For more information on Eucalyptus networking modes, see the Eucalyptus Administrator’s Guide.</p>
        	<p>To use a VM instance you must log into it via ssh using one of the IP addresses assigned to it. You can obtain the instance’s IP addresses using the 
        	euca-describe-instances query as shown in the following example. </p>
        	<p>To log into a VM instance:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Enter euca-describe-instances to view the IP addresses of your VM instance. Note that the public IP address appears after the VM image name, with the private address immediately following.  In the example that follows, the external IP address is 192.168.7.24, and the internal IP address is 10.17.0.130.</cmd>
            	<info>
            		<codeblock>euca-describe-instances
RESERVATION	r-338206B5	alice	default
INSTANCE	i-4DCF092C  emi-EC1410C1  192.168.7.24	  10.17.0.130 ↵ running 	mykey 	0 	m1.small  2010-03-15T21:57:45.134Z</codeblock>
            	</info>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Log into the VM instance via ssh using your private key and the external IP address. In this example, we log in via ssh using the private key “mykey.private” and the external IP address 192.168.7.24.  Note that the prompt <codeph>bash-3.2</codeph> appears on the next line and it indicates that you have successfully logged into the VM instance.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>ssh -i mykey.private root@192.168.7.24 </codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>You are now logged in to your Linux instance.</result>
    	<!--  Tip: When attempting to log into a VM using SSH, you may receive a warning message stating that your “Remote Host Identification Has Changed”.  	-->
    </taskbody>
</task>
