<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="welcome">
 <title>Welcome</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 <p>Eucalyptus is a Linux-based software architecture that creates scalable private and hybrid
 	clouds within your existing IT infrastructure. It allows you to provision your own collections of resources on an as-needed basis.</p>
 	<p>Eucalyptus provides a virtual network overlay that both isolates network traffic of different users and allows two or more clusters to appear to belong to the same Local Area Network (LAN). Eucalyptus also interoperates seamlessly with Amazon’s EC2 and S3 public cloud services and thus offers the enterprise a hybrid cloud capability.</p>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Eucalyptus Features</title>
 		<draft-comment>Anything new in 3.0 that we want to add?</draft-comment>
 		<p>Eucalyptus offers ways to implement, manage, and maintain your own collection of virtual resources (machines, network, and storage). The following is an overview of these features.</p>
 		<dl>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>SSH Key Management</dt>
 				<dd>Eucalyptus employs public and private keypairs to validate your identity when you log into
 					VMs using SSH. You can add, describe, and delete keypairs.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Image Management</dt>
 				<dd>Before running instances, someone must prepare VM images for use in the cloud. This can be
 					an administrator or a user. You can bundle, upload, register, describe, download, unbundle, and deregister VM images.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Linux-based VM Management</dt>
 				<dd>Eucalyptus lets you run their own VM instances in the cloud. You can run, describe,
 					terminate, and reboot a wide variety of Linux-based VM instances that were prepared using
 					image management commands.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Windows-based VM Management</dt>
 				<dd>You can run, describe, terminate, reboot, and bundle instances of Windows VMs.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>IP Address Management</dt>
 				<dd>Depending on the networking mode, you might have access to elastic IPs. Elastic IPs are
 					public IP addresses that users can reserve and dynamically associate with VM instances. You can allocate, associate, disassociate, describe, and release IP addresses.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Security Group Management</dt>
 				<dd>Security groups are sets of firewall rules applied to VM instances associated with the
 					group. You can create, describe, delete, authorize, and revoke security groups.
 					<draft-comment>How much of these things can a typical user actually do?</draft-comment></dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			<dlentry>
 				<dt>Volume and Snapshot Management </dt>
 				<dd>Eucalyptus allows you to create dynamic block volumes. A dynamic block volume is similar to
 					a raw block storage device that can be used with VM instances. You can create, attach, detach,
 					describe, bundle, and delete volumes. You can also create and delete snapshots of volumes and create new volumes from snapshots.</dd>
 			</dlentry>
 			
 		</dl>
 	</section>
 <section>
 <title>Who Should Read this Guide?</title>
 	<p>This guide is for Eucalyptus users who wish to run and manage Linux-based and Windows-based virtual machines (VMs) within a Eucalyptus cloud.</p>
 </section>
 	<section>
 	<title>What’s in this Guide?</title>
 	<p>This guide contains instructions for users of the Eucalyptus cloud platform. While these instructions apply generally to all client tools capable of interacting with Eucalyptus, the primary focus is on the use of Euca2ools (Eucalyptus command line tools). The following is an overview of the contents of this guide.</p>
 	<!--<table>
 		<tgroup cols="2">
 			<thead>
 				<row>
 					<entry>How do I …?</entry>
 					<entry>Related Topic </entry>
 				</row>
 			</thead>
 			<tbody>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Begin using and configuring Eucalyptus</entry>
 					<entry><xref href="getting_started.dita"/></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Get started using the command line tools</entry>
 					<entry><xref href="using_cli.dita"/></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Manage the images to generate VM instances</entry>
 					<entry><xref href="managing_images.dita"/></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Run and control with VM instances</entry>
 					<entry><xref href="running_vms.dita"/></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Understand the Eucalyptus VM networking and security features</entry>
 					<entry><xref href="understanding_security.dita"/></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Use Eucalyptus’ dynamic block storage volumes</entry>
 					<entry><xref href="using_dbv.dita"/></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Install and use Elastic Fox plugin for Firefox</entry>
 					<entry><xref href="using_elastic_fox.dita"/></entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Understand more about cloud computing</entry>
 					<entry><xref href="learning_more.dita"/></entry>
 				</row>
 			</tbody>
 		</tgroup>
 	</table>	-->
 	
 	</section>
 
 </conbody>
</concept>
