<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ts_imgs_win">
	<title>Windows Images</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic contains information to help you troubleshoot your Windows images.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>troubleshooting <indexterm>Windows images
					</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<section id="win_img_props">
			<title>Properties</title>
			<p>A typical size of Windows images is large and Eucalyptus has a
				set of properties that limit the size of various storage
				components. The first step in troubleshooting is to make sure
				that the values are large enough to store your Windows images.
				You can modify a property using</p>
			<codeblock>/usb/sbin/euctl-modify-property -p &lt;property>=&lt;value></codeblock>
			<p>The properties that might affect registering Windows images
				are:</p>
			<ul>

				<li><codeph>walrusbackend.storagemaxbucketsizeinmb</codeph>: max bucket size enforced by Walrus;
					should be larger than a Windows image</li>
				<li><codeph>walrusbackend.storagemaxtotalsnapshotsizeingb</codeph>: if a Windows image is a type of EBS-backed
					EMI, this should be large enough to store all EBS backed images</li>
				<li><codeph>ZONE.storage.maxvolumesizeingb</codeph>: if a Windows image is a type of EBS-backed
					EMI, this should be large enough to store the image</li>
			</ul>
			<p>In addition, during the <cmdname>euca-run-instances</cmdname>,
				the CLC may time-out an instance while a large windows image
				(images in both Walrus and EBS) is being launched. We recommend
				that you raise the values of the following properties.</p>
			<ul>
				<li><codeph>cloud.vmstate.instance_timeout</codeph>: maximum
					wait time, in minutes, before the instance becomes running.
					Am instance cannot stay in pending longer than this.
					Default: 60</li>
				<li><codeph>cloud.vmstate.ebs_volume_creation_timeout</codeph>:
					maximum wait time, in minutes, before a volume backing a
					boot from EBS image is created. Default: 30</li>
			</ul>
		</section>

		<section>
			<title>Image Preparation</title>
			<dl>
				<dlentry>
					<dt><cmdname>euca-bundle-image</cmdname> hangs</dt>
					<dd>The time to bundle an image is proportional to the image
						size. Because the typical size of Windows image is big,
						give enough time until bundling is complete. As a rule
						of thumb, it may take up to 20 min. for bundling a 10 GB
						Windows image.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt><cmdname>euca-upload-bundle</cmdname> fails</dt>
					<dd>Make sure <codeph>walrusbackend.storagemaxbucketsizeinmb</codeph> is large enough. If not, ask your
						administrator.</dd>
				</dlentry>
			</dl>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Instance Launch and Login</title>
			<dl>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Instance stays in pending</dt>
					<dd>Typically, it takes longer to launch Windows images than
						Linux images as the delay is proportional to the image
						size. This can be especially long when the image is
						seeded on NCs the first time (images are cached in NCs
						and run within few seconds thereafter). As a rule of
						thumb, 10 GB Windows images may take up to 10 minutes to
						become ‘running’ when it is not cached in NCs.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Instance stay in pending and goes to shutdown</dt>
					<dd>An instance may time-out if the Windows image is too
						big. Review and adjust the relevant properties.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Instance is running, but not accessible using Remote
						Desktop.</dt>
					<dd>after instances become running, you should wait until
						Windows is fully booted. If the image is sysprepped, the
						booting time may take up to 10 min. Also you should make
						sure the followings are cleared: <ul>
							<li>The port 3389 is authorized in the security
								group</li>
							<li>If the instance is attached to your active
								directory domain, the domain GPO shouldn’t block
								the RDP port (3389)</li>
							<li>The username should be authorized to log-in
								using Remote Desktop (refer to User guide:
								Windows integration service)</li>
						</ul>
					</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Finding the login username and password</dt>
					<dd>Use <userinput>Administrator</userinput> and the
						password retrieved by
							<cmdname>euca-get-password</cmdname>. If the
						instance is attached to a domain, you may use your
						domain username and password (make sure the username is
						prepended with domain name, such as
							<filepath>YOUR_DOMAIN\Alice</filepath>). </dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Can’t retrieve windows password using
							<cmdname>euca-get-password</cmdname></dt>
					<dd>Make sure the platform field of your windows EMI is set
						to ‘windows’, not ‘linux’ (use
							<cmdname>euca-describe-images</cmdname>). If not,
						the most likely reason is that the image name does not
						begin with ‘windows’. You should bundle/upload/register
						the image with a proper name.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Instance is not attached to an Active Directory
						domain</dt>
					<dd>
						<ul>
							<li>Make sure the parameters set in Windows
								integration service are correct. One way to
								verify them is to log in the instance using
								Administrator password and manually attach the
								instance to the domain (System Properties ->
								Computer Name) using the same parameters.</li>
							<li>Make sure <codeph>VNET_DNS</codeph> in
								eucalyptus.conf is set to the domain controller
								(refer to User Guide: Configure Active
								Directory).</li>
						</ul>
					</dd>
				</dlentry>
			</dl>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Disk and Volume</title>
			<dl>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>Ephemeral disks are not visible in the Windows</dt>
					<dd>Open Disk Management console (<uicontrol>All
							Programs</uicontrol>-><uicontrol>Administrative
							Tools</uicontrol>-><uicontrol>Server
							Manager</uicontrol>-><uicontrol>Storage</uicontrol>)
						and find the uninitialized disks. You should create a
						partition on the disk and format it.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>EBS volume is attached, but not visible in the
						Windows</dt>
					<dd>Open Disk Management console (<uicontrol>All
							Programs</uicontrol>-><uicontrol>Administrative
							Tools</uicontrol>-><uicontrol>Server
							Manager</uicontrol>-><uicontrol>Storage</uicontrol>)
						and find the uninitialized disks. You should create a
						partition on the disk and format it. You don’t have to
						repeat it when the volume is reattached later.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt>EBS volume is detached, but the disk drive (for example,
							<filepath>E:\</filepath>) is still visible in the
						Windows</dt>
					<dd>For KVM hypervisor, you should perform “remove hardware
						safely” before detaching the volume.</dd>
				</dlentry>
				<dlentry>
					<dt><cmdname>euca-bundle-instance</cmdname> fails</dt>
					<dd>Make sure the bucket specified with ‘-b’ option doesn’t
						already exist and the property
						<codeph>walrusbackend.storagemaxbucketsizeinmb</codeph> is large enough to
						store the image. </dd>
				</dlentry>
			</dl>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
