<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ts_intances">
	<title>Instances</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic contains information to help you troubleshoot your instances.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>troubleshooting <indexterm>instances </indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<dl>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Inaccurate IP addresses display in the output of euca-describe-addresses.</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>This can occur if you add IPs from the wrong subnet into your public IP pool,
						do a restart on the CC, swap out the wrong ones for the right ones, and
						do another restart on the CC. To resolve this issue, run the following
						commands.</p>
					<note importance="high">A restart should only be performed when no instances are running, or
						when instance service interruption can be tolerated. A restart causes the CC
						to reset its networking configuration, regardless of whether or not it is in
						use. A restart of a CC in Managed and Managed (NoVLAN) modes that is
						managing active VMs can cause a temporary loss of network connectivity until
						the CC relearns the network topology and rebuilds the IP table
						entries.</note>
					<codeblock>systemctl stop eucalyptus-cloud.service
systemctl stop eucalyptus-cc.service
iptables -F
systemctl restart eucalyptus-cc.service
systemctl start eucalyptus-cloud.service</codeblock>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>NC does not recalculate disk size correctly</dt>
				<dd>
					<p> This can occur when trying to add extra disk space for instance ephemeral
						storage. To resolve this, you need to delete the instance cache and restart
						the NC. </p>
					<p>For example: </p>
					<codeblock>rm -rf /var/lib/eucalyptus/instances/* 
systemctl restart eucalyptus-nc.service               				</codeblock>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
		</dl>
	</conbody>
</concept>
