<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ts_system">
	<title>Network Information</title>
	<shortdesc>When you have to troubleshoot, it's important to understand the
		elements of the network on your system.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>troubleshooting <indexterm>network
						information</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<conbody>
		<p>Here are some ideas for
			finding out information about your network:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>It is also important to understand the elements of the network
				on your system. For example, you might want to list bridges to
				see which devices are enslaved by the bridge. To do this, use
				the <codeph>brctl</codeph> command.</li>

			<li>You might also want to list network devices and evaluate
				existing configurations. To do this, use these commands:
					<codeph>ip</codeph>, <codeph>ifconfig</codeph>, and
					<codeph>route</codeph>.</li>
			<li>You can use <codeph>systemctl status eucanetd.service</codeph> to check status, or
					<codeph>eucanetd -d</codeph> to force eucanetd to run in the foreground, sending
				log messages to the terminal.</li>
			<li>You can get further information if you use the
					<cmdname>euca-describe</cmdname> commands with the
					<codeph>verbose</codeph> options. For example,
					<cmdname>euca-describe-instances verbose</cmdname> returns
				all instances running by all users on the system. Other describe
				commands are: <ul>
					<li><codeph>euca-describe-volumes verbose</codeph></li>
					<li><codeph>euca-describe-snapshots verbose</codeph></li>
					<li><codeph>euca-describe-groups verbose</codeph></li>
					<li><codeph>euca-describe-keypairs verbose</codeph></li>
				</ul>
			</li>
		</ul>
	</conbody>
</concept>
