<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_emc_vnx_multipath">
    <title>Configure EMC VNX Multipathing</title>
    <shortdesc>Use multipathing to provide network-and-SP-redundancy for the iSCSI data path between
        the EMC VNX SAN and NCs.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <note type="warning"> Multipathing is available only for the EMC VNX SAN. </note>
            <note type="important">It is <b>Strongly</b> recommended that you get your system up and
                running and able to create volumes and snapshots using the EMC VNX prior to
                configuring multipathing. Multipathing can be configured after the cloud is fully
                functional and will apply to any volumes attached/snapshotted after multipathing is
                configured. Configuring multipathing on a non-multipathed system does not require a
                restart of the SC, NC, or CLC. </note>
            <p>To configure multipathing for a EMC VNX SAN:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure that the mutipathd service is running on each NC:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>mpathconf -enable</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Configure the /etc/multipath.conf file. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <note> An example configuration for EMC VNX is installed with Eucalyptus. This
                        file is located in
                            <codeph>/usr/share/doc/eucalyptus-enterprise‐storage‐san‐emc‐
                            3.2.0/eucalyptus.multipath.conf.example</codeph> on each SC. You may
                        need to copy that file to each NC. </note>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Start the mutipathd service: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>service multipathd start</codeph>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> If you modify the /etc/multipath.conf file, be sure to restart and reconfigure
                    multipathd: </cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Restart the multipathd service: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>service multipathd restart</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Run multipathd -k:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>multipathd -k</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Enter the following commands at the multipathd interactive
                            prompt:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>reconfigure</codeph>
                            <codeph>quit</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check that the multipath udev rules file is installed by verifying that the
                    file <codeph>/etc/udev/rules.d/12-dm-permission.rules</codeph> file
                    exists.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Set the ISCSI paths: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <note> The path specification format is iface0:ip0,iface1:ip1,...,ifaceN:ipN
                        where iface may be re-­‐used (i.e. multiple iface0 entries). Also, note that
                        ‘iface’ is optional, you may just specify a comma-­‐delimited list of IPs.
                        Eucalyptus will detect which interfaces on the SC/NC can reach each
                        specified IP and will use the first found. You must only specify the ‘iface’
                        value if you want precise control over which interfaces access which IPs.
                        For using a single path only, just specify the IP of the iscsi data port to
                        use on the VNX. </note>
                    <note> We recommend initially getting the system working with only one path. The
                        path values can be modified at any time to enable multipathing, so it is
                        possible to get everything working and confirm full VNX functionality before
                        attempting multipathing. To use one path, simply specify a single IP for
                        each the following steps. </note>
                </info>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>

                        <cmd> Set the NC paths. For example: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>euca-modify-property -p
                                mypartition.storage.ncpaths=iface0:127.0.0.1</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd> Set the SC paths. For example: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph> euca-modify-property -p
                                mypartition.storage.scpaths=iface0:127.0.0.1 </codeph>
                            <note> The NC and SC may each have different path lists, or you can
                                optionally only enable multipathing on the NCs or SC if desire.
                            </note>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If you specified an <codeph>iface</codeph> when setting the SC paths,
                            be sure to include a line in the eucalyptus.conf file of each NC in the
                            cluster that defines each <codeph>iface</codeph>. For example:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeph>STORAGE_INTERFACES="iface0=eth0"</codeph>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Test and verify the configuration by creating (and attaching to) a volume and
                    creating a snapshot on the partition. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> If testing is successful, you can now configure multiple paths in your
                    *.storage.ncpaths and *.storage.scpaths configuration. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Verify that multipathing is working on an NC by attaching a volume to an
                    instance on that NC and running the following command: </cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph> multipath -ll </codeph>
                    <p> This command should return output similar to the following: </p>
                    <codeblock>
mpathb (36006016098b0300080722f971b2ee211) dm-­‐0 DGC,VRAID 
size=1.0G features='1 queue_if_no_path' hwhandler='1 alua' wp=rw
|-­‐+-­‐ policy='round-­‐robin 0' prio=50 status=active
| `-­‐ 6:0:0:1 sdd 8:48 active ready running
`-­‐+-­‐ policy='round-­‐robin 0' prio=10 status=enabled
`-­‐ 7:0:0:1 sdf 8:80 active ready running  
                    </codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result> You have now successfully configured multipathing for your EMC VNX SAN
            installation. </result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
