<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_storage_controller" props="subscribe">
	<title>Configure the Storage Controller</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>Eucalyptus offers SAN support for Eucalyptus block storage (EBS). Eucalyptus directs
				the Storage Controller (SC) to manage any supported SAN devices. Eucalyptus
				automatically creates and tears down volumes, snapshots, and data connections from
				guest instances. The administrator does not need to pre-allocate volumes or LUNs for
				Eucalyptus.</p>
			<p>Eucalyptus currently offers several backend providers for the Storage Controller:
				Overlay, DAS, Equallogic, Netapp, and EMC-VNX. </p>
			<p>The Eucalyptus Storage Controller must be configured explicitly upon registration.
				This is a change from previous versions (pre-3.2) of Eucalyptus, which would
				configure themselves to a default configuration using a tgtd-based filesystem-backed
				storage controller to provide volumes and snapshots directly from the Storage
				Controller. As of version 3.2, Eucalyptus Storage Controllers automatically go to
				the BROKEN state after being registered with the CLC and will remain in that state
				until the administrator explicitly configures the SC by telling it which backend
				storage provider to use.</p>
			<p>You can check the state of a storage controller by running
				<codeblock>euca-describe-services -E</codeblock> and note the state and status
				message of the Storage Controller(s). The output for an unconfigured SC will look
				like:</p>
			<p>
				<codeblock>SERVICE	storage        	PARTI00        	SC71           	BROKEN    	37  	http://192.168.51.71:8773/services/Storage	arn:euca:eucalyptus:PARTI00:storage:SC71/
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	arn:euca:eucalyptus:PARTI00:storage:SC71/
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	ERROR
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	Sun Nov 18 22:11:13 PST 2012
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	SC blockstorageamanger not configured. Found empty or unset manager(unset). Legal values are: das,overlay</codeblock></p>
			<p>Note the error above: <codeph>SC blockstoragemanager not configured. Found empty or
					unset manager(unset). Legal values are: das,overlay</codeph>.</p>
			<p>This indicates that the SC is not yet configured. It can be configured by setting the
					<codeph>[partition].storage.blockstoragemanager</codeph> property to either
				'das' or 'overlay'.</p>
			<p>If you have installed the Eucalyptus Enterprise packages for your SAN, you will also
				see additional options in the output line above, and can set the block storage
				manager to 'netapp','emc-vnx-flare31','emc-vnx', or 'equallogic' as appropriate.</p>
			<p>You can verify that the SC blockstoragemanager is unset using:
				<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
			</p>
			<p>To configure SAN support, follow the steps for your desired backend storage device:
					<xref href="#enabling_overlay">Open-Source ISCSI Filesystem-backed</xref>, <xref
					href="#enabling_san_dell">Dell Equallogic</xref>, <xref
					href="#enabling_san_jbod">JBOD</xref>, <xref href="#enabling_san_netapp"
					>Netapp</xref>, or <xref href="#enabling_san_emc_vnx">EMC VNX</xref>.</p>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<task id="enabling_overlay">
		<title>Configuring the SC to use the local filesystem (Overlay)</title>
		<shortdesc>This was the default configuration option for the SC in pre-3.2 Eucalyptus. In
			this configuration the SC itself hosts the volume and snapshots for EBS and stores them
			as files on the local filesystem. It uses standard linux iSCSI tools to serve the
			volumes to instances running on NCs.</shortdesc>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Configure the SC to use the OverlayManager for storage.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=overlay</codeblock>
						The output of the command should be similar to:
						<codeblock>PROPERTY	PARTI00.storage.blockstoragemanager	overlay was &lt;unset></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'overlay'</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="enabling_san_dell">
		<title>Enable Dell Equallogic SANs</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Configure the SC to use the EquallogicManager for storage.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=equallogic</codeblock>
						The output of the command should be similar to:
						<codeblock>PROPERTY	PARTI00.storage.blockstoragemanager	equallogic was &lt;unset></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the propery value is now: 'equallogic'</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
					<cmd/>
				</step>
				<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/enable_san">
					<cmd/>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<result>Your Equallogic SAN is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
		</taskbody>
	</task>

	<task id="enabling_san_jbod" product="jbod">
		<title>Enable Direct Attached Storage (JBOD) SANs</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context> </context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Configure the SC to use the (Direct Attached Storage) DASManager for
						storage.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=das</codeblock>
						The output of the command should be similar to:
						<codeblock>PROPERTY	PARTI00.storage.blockstoragemanager	das was &lt;unset></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the propery value is now: 'das'</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
					<cmd/>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the CLC (the primary CLC in an HA setup), set the DAS device name
						property. The device name can be either a raw device (/dev/sdX, for
						example), or the name of an existing Linux LVM volume group.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;cluster name&gt;.storage.dasdevice=&lt;device name&gt;</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepxmp>
						<p>For example:</p>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p cluster0.storage.dasdevice=/dev/sdb</codeblock>
					</stepxmp>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<result>Your SAN is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
		</taskbody>
	</task>


	<task id="enabling_san_netapp_overview">
		<title>Enable NetApp SANs</title>
		<shortdesc>Eucalyptus supports both NetApp Clustered ONTAP and traditional 7-mode SANs. NetApp
			Vservers and 7-mode Filers (FAS 2000 and FAS 600 series) are managed by Eucalyptus using
			NetApp Manageability Software Development Kit (NMSDK) and Data ONTAP APIs (version 7.3.3
			or above).  This section covers enabling both NetApp Clustered ONTAP and traditional
			7-mode SANs.</shortdesc>
		<task id="enabling_san_netapp">
			<title>Enable NetApp 7-mode SANs</title>
			<shortdesc/>
			<taskbody>
				<context>
					<p/>
					
					<p>To configure NetApp 7-mode Filer and enable the SAN in Eucalyptus:</p>
				</context>
				<steps>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify Data ONTAP version  for the 7-mode Filer is 7.3.3 or later.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify SSL access by typing <codeph>secureadmin status</codeph></cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>If marked inactive, enable with <codeph>secureadmin setup ssl</codeph>
							and generate a new certificate.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Finally turn on SSL access with <codeph>options httpd.admin.ssl.enable
								on</codeph></cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Enable the iSCSI service on the NetApp device with <codeph>option
								iscsi.enable on</codeph> or <codeph>option
								licensed_feature.iscsi.enable on</codeph> if you have an embedded
							license on your array.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Turn on the iSCSI service with <codeph>iscsi start</codeph></cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Enable the iSCSI service on the NetApp device with <codeph>enable iscsi
								service</codeph></cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that an aggregate with sufficient spare capacity exists.</cmd>
						<choices>
							<choice>If you have SSH access to the NetApp Filer, enter <codeph>aggr
									show_space</codeph>.</choice>
							<choice>If an aggregate with spare capacity does not exist, create one
								using the <codeph>aggr create</codeph> command.</choice>
						</choices>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that you have a license for FlexClone installed. At the shell
							prompt, enter <codeph>license</codeph> to see the list of all installed
							licenses.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that administrator account credentials for NetApp Filer are
							available to be configured in Eucalyptus. If not, create a new
							administrator account for use by Eucalyptus </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Configure the SC to use the NetappManager for storage.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock>
							The output of the command should be similar to:
							<codeblock>PROPERTY	&lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager	netapp was &lt;unset></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that the propery value is now: 'netapp'</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
						<cmd/>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to the NOTREADY or DISABLED state.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> On the CLC (the primary CLC in an HA setup), enable NetApp SAN support
							in Eucalyptus by entering the Filer's hostname or IP address, the
							username and password of the administrator account, and CHAP username. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>Eucalyptus uses Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
								for disk operations. CHAP username can be any value, however it
								should be unique when sharing NetApp Filer across multiple
								Eucalyptus clusters. </note>
							<note> CHAP support for NetApp has been added in Eucalyptus 3.3. SC will
								not transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is
								conﬁgured. </note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanhost=&lt;Filer_IP_address>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanuser=&lt;Filer_admin_username>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanpassword=&lt;Filer_admin_password>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.chapuser=&lt;Chap_username></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Wait for SC to transition to the ENABLED state.</cmd>
						<info>
							<note>The SC must be in the ENABLED state before configuring the
								following properties.</note>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> If no aggregate is set, Eucalyptus will query the NetApp Filer for all
							available aggregates and use the one that has the highest capacity (free
							space) by default. To make Eucalyptus use specific aggregate(s)
							configure the following property: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.aggregate=&lt;aggregate_1_name,aggregate_2_name,...></codeblock>
						</info>
						<info>
							<p>If you want Eucalyptus to use the smallest aggregate first configure
								the following property: </p>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.uselargestaggregate=false</codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> On the ENABLED CLC, set the iSCSI data IP for NCs to use for
							performing disk operations on the Filer. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>Filer IP address can be used as the data port IP. If this is not
								set, Eucalyptus will automatically use the Filer IP
								address/hostname.</note>
							<note>Eucalyptus does not support Multipath I/O for NetApp 7-mode Filers. </note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.ncpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> On the ENABLED CLC, set the iSCSI data IP for SCs to use for
							performing disk operations on the Filer. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>Filer IP address can be used as the data port IP. If this is not
								set, Eucalyptus will automatically use the Filer IP
								address/hostname.</note>
							<note>Eucalyptus does not support Multipath I/O for NetApp 7-mode Filers. </note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.scpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
				</steps>
				<result>Your Netapp 7-mode SAN is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
			</taskbody>
		</task>

		<task id="enabling_san_netapp_ontap">
			<title>Enable NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN</title>
			<shortdesc/>
			<taskbody>
				<context>
					<p>Eucalyptus integrates with NetApp Clustered ONTAP SAN by operating against a
						Vserver. SC must be conﬁgured to operate against Vserver contained in the
						NetApp Clustered ONTAP environment. </p>
					<p>For more information on NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP, see <xref
						href="http://www.netapp.com/us/system/pdf-reader.aspx?m=tr-3982.pdf&amp;cc=us"
						>Clustered Data ONTAP 8.1 and 8.1.1: An Introduction</xref>.</p>
					<p>To configure NetApp Vserver and enable the SAN in Eucalyptus:</p>
				</context>
				<steps>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify Clustered Data ONTAP version for the SAN is 8.1.1 or
							later.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that FlexClone and iSCSI licenses are installed on the SAN.
						</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that a Vserver with iSCSI data protocol is available for use by
							Eucalyptus. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that Vserver administration is delegated to a user with
							administrative privileges for that Vserver. If not, create a new new
							Vserver administrator account for use by Eucalyptus. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that a management (only) Logical Interface (LIF) is configured
							for the Vserver and an IP address or hostname is assigned to it. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that data LIFs are configured on the Vserver. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that one or more aggregates with sufficient spare capacity
							exists. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify the network connectivity between Eucalyptus components and the
							Vserver. SC must be able communicate with the Vserver over both
							management and data LIFs. NC must be able to communicate with the
							Vserver using the data LIFs. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Configure the SC to use the NetApp SAN for storage: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock>
							<p>The output of the command should be similar to:</p>
							<codeph>PROPERTY &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager netapp was
								&lt;unset></codeph>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that the propery value is now: 'netapp' </cmd>
						<info> euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage </info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> On the CLC, run the following command to verify that the SC is listed;
							note that it may be in the BROKEN state: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca_conf --list-scs</codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Wait for the SC to transition to NOTREADY or DISABLED states. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> On the CLC (the primary CLC in an HA setup), enable NetApp SAN support
							in Eucalyptus by entering the Vserver's hostname or IP address, the
							username and password of the administrator account, CHAP username and
							Vserver name. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>Eucalyptus uses Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
								for disk operations. CHAP username can be any value, however it
								should be unique when sharing NetApp Vserver across multiple
								Eucalyptus clusters.</note>
							<note>CHAP support for NetApp has been added in Eucalyptus 3.3. SC will
								not transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is
								conﬁgured.</note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanhost=&lt;Vserver_IP_address>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanuser=&lt;Vserver_admin_username>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanpassword=&lt;Filer_admin_password>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.chapuser=&lt;Chap_username></codeblock>
							<note> The following command may fail if tried immediately after
								conﬁguring the block storage manager. Retry the command a few times,
								pausing for a few seconds after each retry: </note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.vservername=&lt;Vserver_name></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Wait for SC to transition to ENABLED state. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>The SC must be in the ENABLED state before configuring the
								following properties.</note>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> If no aggregate is set, Eucalyptus will query the NetApp Vserver for
							all available aggregates and use the one that has the highest capacity
							(free space) by default. To make Eucalyptus use specific aggregate(s)
							configure the following property: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-modify-property -p
								&lt;partition>.storage.aggregate=&lt;aggregate_1_name,
								aggregate_2_name,...></codeph>
						</info>
						<info>
							<p>If you want Eucalyptus to use the smallest aggregate first configure
								the following property: </p>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.uselargestaggregate=false</codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> On the ENABLED CLC, set the iSCSI data LIF IP(s) for NCs to use for performing disk
							operations on the Vserver. If you want to configure multiple IPs, see
							see <xref href="configure_netapp_multipath.dita">Configure NetApp Multipathing</xref>.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.ncpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>On the ENABLED CLC, set the iSCSI data LIF IP(s) for SCs to use for performing disk
							operations on the Vserver. SC connects to the data LIFs on the Vserver
							in order to transfer snapshots to Walrus during snapshot operations. If
							you want to configure multiple IPs, see <xref href="configure_netapp_multipath.dita">Configure NetApp Multipathing</xref>.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.scpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
				</steps>
				<result>Your NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN is now ready to use with
					Eucalyptus.</result>
			</taskbody>
		</task>
	</task>


	<task id="enabling_san_emc_vnx">
		<title>Enable EMC VNX SANs</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>This adapter uses the newer VNX-Snapshot feature available on VNX devices running
					FLARE v5.32 or later that have a VNX-Snapshot license. This adapter also
					requires the Navisphere Secure CLI to be installed on the SCs. The Navisphere
					CLI must be version 7.32.0.5.54 or later.</p>
				<p>
					<note type="important">You must create a clone private LUN (CPL) of at least 1GB
						on each SP. For more information on creating private LUNs, go to <xref
							href="ftp://202.119.166.5/lxh/Document/EMC/Navisphere_Manager_Online_Help_v6_24/navimanager.htm#snapview/how_to_s/clones/allocating_clone_private_luns.htm"
							type="html" scope="external">Allocating clone private
						LUNs</xref>.</note>
				</p>
			</context>
			<steps>

				<step>
					<cmd>We assume that the Navisphere CLI is installed in
							<filepath>/opt/Navisphere</filepath> on the SC.</cmd>
					<info>
						<note type="important">Eucalyptus currently supports version 7.32.0.5.54 or
							later of the Navisphere CLI.</note>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the CLI is installed and can communicate with the VNX from the
						SCs.</cmd>
					<info>On each SC that you are configuring, test the naviseccli command as
						follows:
						<codeblock>/opt/Navisphere/bin/naviseccli -User &lt;your SAN username> -Password &lt;your SAN password> -Scope 0 -Address &lt;management port IP> connection -pingnode -address &lt;a data port IP on your VNX></codeblock>
						Verify that the command runs successfully and the ping gets replies from the
						SAN. </info>
				</step>
				<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
					<cmd/>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Configure the SC to use the EMC VNX VNX-Snapshot-based manager for
						storage.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=emc-vnx</codeblock>
						The output of the command should be similar to:
						<codeblock>PROPERTY	PARTI00.storage.blockstoragemanager	emc-vnx was &lt;unset></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Check the SC to be sure that it has transitioned out of the BROKEN state
						and is in either NOTREADY or DISABLED before configuring the rest of the
						properties for the SC. The following commands should be run on the ENABLED
						CLC to configure the SC.</cmd>
					<info>On the ENABLED CLC, run:
						<codeblock>euca_conf --list-scs</codeblock></info>
				</step>
				<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/enable_san">
					<cmd/>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the ENABLED CLC, set the login scope for the command line access. For
						most installs, the login scope will be <codeph>0</codeph>, which indicates a
						global login scope for the device. <codeph>1</codeph> indicates a local
						scope. <codeph>2</codeph> indicates LDAP authentication for the SAN device.
						Use login scope value of <codeph>2</codeph> only if your SAN is configured
						to use LDAP authentication and you have an admin user configured to use
						LDAP.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.loginscope=&lt;login_scope></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the ENABLED CLC, set the username for the Challenge Handshake
						Authentication Protocol (CHAP). This can be any value, however it should be
						unique when sharing VNX on multiple Eucalyptus clusters.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.chapuser=&lt;chap_username></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the ENABLED CLC, set the value for the unique storage pool that you have
						configured to use with the SC.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.storagepool=0</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the ENABLED CLC, set the iSCSI data port IP for NCs to use to perform
						disk operations on the SAN. If you want to configure multiple IPs, see <xref
							href="configure_emc_vnx_multipath.dita">Configure EMC VNX
							Multipathing</xref>.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.ncpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the ENABLED CLC, set the iSCSI data port IP for SCs to use to perform
						disk operations on the SAN. The SCs connect to the data ports on the SAN in
						order to transfer snapshots to Walrus during snapshot operations. If you
						want to configure multiple IPs, see the section on 'multipathing.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.scpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the ENABLED CLC, set the path to Navisphere CLI that you downloaded
						earlier to the SC. The following example shows the default path. This is
						that path on the SC, not on the CLC.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition_name>.storage.clipath=/opt/Navisphere/bin/naviseccli</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<result>Your EMC VNX SAN is now ready to use with Eucalyptus. <note type="tip">Note: The
					time it takes for a LUN migration to complete will depend on the exact VNX
					model, workload, and volume size, and the amount of data actually stored in the
					volume. The default timeout for LUN migrations is 12 hours. If your deployment
					uses volumes >50GB, or if you find that snapshots fail and a "migration timeout"
					message is seen in the SC logs, then you should increase the timeout to a larger
					value. It is recommended that if you plan on using volumes in the 100GB range
					that you set that timeout to 3600 or larger. You can set the timeout using
						<codeph>euca-modify-property</codeph> as follows:
					<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p [partition].storage.lunmigrationtimeout=[time in hours]</codeblock></note></result>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
