<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="configuring_xen">
    <title>Configuring Xen</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<draft-comment>Neil B reports that he didn't have to do any configuration.</draft-comment>
        	<p>To configure Xen, make sure that the GRUB configuration file to set to load the correct
        		kernel at boot time, and that the Xen daemon is set up correctly.</p>
        		<p>To make sure that the correct kernel is loaded at boot time, configure GRUB:
        	</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/grub.conf</filepath> on an NC server.</cmd>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Look for the kernel line that contains xen and make sure the default parameter corresponds to the Xen kernel. For example:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>default=1
timeout=5
splashimage=(hd0,0)/grub/splash.xpm.gz
hiddenmenu
title CentOS (2.6.18-164.11.1.el5)
root (hd0,0)
kernel /vmlinuz-2.6.18-164.11.1.el5 ro root=/dev/VolGroup00/LogVol00
initrd /initrd-2.6.18-164.11.1.el5.img
title CentOS (2.6.18-164.11.1.el5.xen)
root (hd0,0)
kernel /xen.gz-2.6.18-164.11.1.el5
module /vmlinuz-2.6.18-164.11.1.el5.xen ro root=/dev/VolGroup00/LogVol00
module /initrd-2.6.18-164.11.1.el5.xen.img</codeblock>
        			<p>In this example, we ensure the correct kernel will be loaded by setting the default parameter to <codeph>default=1</codeph> (not 0), since the second kernel in the list is the one containing Xen.</p>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Restart xend.</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>service xend restart</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Repeat on each NC server in your system.</cmd>
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<postreq>For more information about configuring a Xen kernel, see the hypervisor-related documentation for your Linux OS.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
