<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="front_end">
	<title>Cloud Components</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The main decision for cloud components is whether to install the CLC and Walrus on the
			same server. If they are on the same server, they operate as separate web services within a
			single Java environment, and they use a fast-path for inter-service communication. If they are
			not on the same server, then they use SOAP and REST to work together.</p>
		<p>However, when installed on the same server, the CLC and Walrus must share a common memory
			footprint, both managed by the Java memory manager. Walrus self-tunes its performance based on
			the memory pressure it perceives and runs faster with more memory. So, while separating the
			CLC and Walrus decreases the efficiency of the messaging between the two, it often increases
			the responsiveness of the overall Eucalyptus system when Walrus is given a large memory
			footprint.</p>
		<p>Sometimes the key factor for cloud components is not performance, but server cost and
			data center configuration. If you only have one server available for the cloud, then you
			have to install the components on the same server.</p>
		<p>The CLC and Walrus components are not designed to be separated by wide-area, common carrier
			networks. They use aggressive time-outs to maintain system responsiveness so separating them
			over a long-latency, lossy network link will not work.</p>
		<p>The CLC and Walrus communicate with Eucalyptus clients independently. End-users typically
			interact with Eucalyptus through a client interface. They can use either our provided
			euca2ools Linux command line client tools, or the Eucalyptus AWS-compatible API, or a
			third-party client that is compatible with Eucalyptus. In all cases, the end-user client must
			be able to send messages via TCP/IP to the machine on which the CLC is deployed.</p>
		<p>In addition, the CLC must have TCP/IP connectivity to all other Eucalyptus components except
			for node controllers (NCs), which may reside on their own private networks. In addition, NC
			servers must be able to send messages to the Walrus server because images are downloaded by
			the NC using the Walrus URL. That is, the CLC does not need to be able to route network
			traffic directly to the NCs but Walrus does for the purposes of image delivery.</p>
		
		
	</conbody>
</concept>
