<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installing_euca_nightlies">
 <title>Installing Eucalyptus from Nightly Packages</title>
 <shortdesc/>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>installing <indexterm>nightly packages </indexterm>
    </indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>

 <taskbody>
  <context>
   <note type="important">Eucalyptus nightly packages are latest Eucalyptus
    builds. They should be considered unstable/"bleeding edge" software and
    should not be installed in production. In addition, upgrades from nightlies
    to released software are not supported.</note>
   <p>To install Eucalyptus nightly builds on servers running CentOS 6 or RHEL
    6:</p>
  </context>
  <steps>
   <step>
    <cmd>On all servers, run the following commands:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/
software/eucalyptus/nightly/3.2/centos/6/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/>.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
     <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this package.</p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>On all systems that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, run the
     following commands:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/
euca2ools/nightly/2.1/centos/6/x86_64/euca2ools-release-2.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
     <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this package.</p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Install the ELRepo repository on the machine that will run
     Walrus:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/
software/eucalyptus/nightly/3.2/centos/6/x86_64/elrepo-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
     <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this package.</p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd> Configure the EPEL package repository:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/nightly/3.2/centos/6/x86_64/epel-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
     <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this package.</p>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>On all servers, enter:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>yum update</codeblock>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages. The following example shows most
     components being installed all on the same server. You can use different
     servers for each component.</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>yum groupinstall eucalyptus-cloud-controller
yum install eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
     <note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note"/>
    </info>
   </step>
   <step>
    <cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
    <info>
     <codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
     <note type="important" product="vmware">If you are using VMware, you can
      skip this step. Eucalyptus software is not installed on these machines.
      They are running VMware.</note>
    </info>
   </step>

  </steps>
  <result>Your installation is complete.</result>
  <postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure
    Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
 </taskbody>
</task>
