<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="installing_euca_nightlies_ubuntu1204" platform="ubuntu1204">
	<title>Install Eucalyptus Nightly Packages on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
    	<context>
    		<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
    		<p>To install Eucalyptus nightlies on servers running Ubuntu 12.04 LTS:</p>
    	</context>
    	<steps>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Create a file in <filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called <filepath>eucalyptus.list</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>deb http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/nightly/3.1/ubuntu precise main</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step> 
		<step>
		<cmd>Download the Eucalyptus nightly release key from: <xref format="html" href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/security/keys">http://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/security/keys</xref></cmd>
		</step>
		<step>	
    					<cmd>Add the public key to the list of trusted keys.</cmd>
    					<info>
    						<codeblock>apt-key add 9d7b073c-eucalyptus-nightly-release-key.pub</codeblock>
    					</info>
    		</step>
                <step>
                        <cmd>On all machines that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, create a file in <filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called euca2ools.list with the following content:</cmd>
                        <info>
                                <codeblock>deb http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/nightly/2.1/ubuntu precise main</codeblock>
                        </info>
                </step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Enter the following command on all machines:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-get update</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages and dependencies. The following example shows a package install all on the same server. You can install each component on a different server.</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-cloud eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
    				<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note" />
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
    				<note type="important" product="vmware">If you are using VMware, you can skip this step.
    					Eucalyptus software is not installed on these machines. They are
    					running VMware.</note>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
    			<cmd></cmd>
    		</step>
    	</steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete. </result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
