<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="installing_euca_rhel6" platform="rhel6">
    <title>Install on RHEL 6</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
    	
        <context>
        	<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
        	<p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running RHEL 6:</p>
        </context>
    	<steps>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Configure the Eucalyptus package repository on each host that will run a
    				Eucalyptus component:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.1/rhel/6/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-3.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Configure the Euca2ools package repository on each host that will run a
    				Eucalyptus component or Euca2ools:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/2.1/rhel/6/x86_64/euca2ools-release-2.1.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd> Configure the EPEL package repository on each host that will run a Eucalyptus
    				component or Euca2ools: </cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.1/rhel/6/x86_64/epel-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd> Configure the ELRepo repository on each host that will run Walrus: </cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.1/rhel/6/x86_64/elrepo-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step props="subscribe">
    			<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, you should have received an rpm
    				package file that you will need to install. If you are not a Eucalyptus
    				subscriber, skip this step.</note>
    			<cmd>Install the Eucalyptus subscription package on each host that will run a Eucalyptus
    				component:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-release-3.1*.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd> Install the Eucalyptus cloud controller software on each planned CLC host: </cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum groupinstall eucalyptus-cloud-controller</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<note> Clouds that use the VMware hypervisor do not have NCs; if you plan to use
    				VMware then skip this step. </note>
    			<cmd> </cmd>
    			<substeps>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>Install the KVM driver appropriate to your hardware.</cmd>
    					
    					<info>
    						<p>For systems with Intel processors:</p>
    						<codeblock>modprobe kvm_intel
modprobe vhost_net</codeblock>
    					</info>
    					<info>
    						<p>For systems with AMD processors:</p>
    						<codeblock>modprobe kvm_amd
modprobe vhost_net</codeblock>
    					</info>
				</substep>
				<substep>
					<cmd>Restart libvirtd by running <cmdname>service libvirtd restart</cmdname></cmd>
    				</substep>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd> Install the Eucalyptus node controller software on each planned NC
    						host: </cmd>
    					<info>
    						<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
    					</info>
    				</substep>
    			</substeps>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>Install the software for the remaining Eucalyptus components. The following example shows
    				most components being installed on the same host. We recommend that you use
    				different hosts for each component:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step props="subscribe">
    			<note type="tip">If you do not have a Eucalyptus subscription and don't plan to use Eucalyptus's SAN capabilities, skip this step.</note>
    			<cmd>Install the Eucalyptus SAN adapter software on each SC host:</cmd>
    			<info>
    				<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san</codeblock>
    			</info>
    		</step>
    		<step>
    			<cmd>After you have installed Eucalyptus, test multicast connectivity between each CLC and Walrus, SC, and VMware broker host.</cmd>
    			<substeps>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>
    						Run the following receiver command on the CLC:
    					</cmd>
    					<info>
    						<codeblock>java -classpath /usr/share/eucalyptus/jgroups-2.11.1.Final.jar org.jgroups.tests.McastReceiverTest -mcast_addr 224.10.10.10 -port 5555</codeblock>
    					</info>
    				</substep>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>
    						Run the following sender command on each Walrus host:
    					</cmd>
    					<info>
    						<codeblock>java -classpath /usr/share/eucalyptus/jgroups-2.11.1.Final.jar org.jgroups.tests.McastSenderTest -mcast_addr 224.10.10.10 -port 5555</codeblock>
    					</info>
    				</substep>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>Repeat the previous step on each SC host and VMware broker host</cmd>
    				</substep>
    				<substep>
    					<cmd>
    						If you are installing an HA environment, repeat these tasks with the second CLC.
    					</cmd>
    				</substep>
    			</substeps>
    		</step>
    	</steps>
    	<result>Your installation is complete.</result>
    	<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
