<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="installing_euca_ubuntu" platform="ubuntu1004">
	<title>Install on Ubuntu 10.04 LTS</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/euca_install_ha_note"/>
			<p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running Ubuntu 10.04 LTS:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, you should have received a deb
					package file that you will need to install. If you are not a Eucalyptus
					subscriber, skip this step.</note>
				<cmd>On all servers, copy over your deb package file and run the following
					command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>dpkg -i eucalyptus-enterprise-release_3.1-*lucid_all.deb</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Download the Eucalyptus release key from <xref format="html"
						href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/security/keys"
						>http://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/security/keys</xref></cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Add the public key to the list of trusted keys.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>apt-key add c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>

			<step>
				<!-- removed per bthomason -->
				<!--<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>-->

				<cmd>Create a file in <filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called
						<filepath>eucalyptus.list</filepath> with the following content:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>deb http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/3.1/ubuntu lucid main</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>

			<step>
				<!-- Removed per bthomason -->
				<!--<note type="tip">If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step.</note>-->

				<cmd>On all machines that will run either Eucalyptus or Euca2ools, create a file in
						<filepath>/etc/apt/sources.list.d</filepath> called euca2ools.list with the
					following content:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>deb http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/2.1/ubuntu lucid main</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Enter the following command on all machines:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>apt-get update</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install Eucalyptus packages and dependencies. The following example shows a
					package install all on the same server. You can install each component on a
					different server.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-cloud eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
					<note conref="../shared/reuse.dita#reuse/install_ha_note"/>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On each planned NC server, install the NC package:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
					<note type="important" product="vmware">If you are using VMware, you can skip
						this step. Eucalyptus software is not installed on these machines. They are
						running VMware.</note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<note type="important">This step is only required the first time libvirt is installed on a system.</note>
				<cmd> The first time libvirt is installed on a system, you must initialize libvirt
					before it will function properly. To initialize libvirt, run the following command: </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>virsh capabilities</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe" product="vmware">
				<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use VMware, install the
					subscription-only VMware Broker package on each CC server:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe" product="san">
				<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and plan to use SAN support, install the
					subscription-only SAN package on each SC. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>apt-get install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step conref="../shared/reuse_task.dita#reuse_task/multicast">
				<cmd/>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result>Your installation is complete. </result>
		<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita">Configure
			Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
	</taskbody>
</task>
