<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="config_drbd">
    <title>Appendix C: Moving to High Availability</title>
    <shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>
					<indexterm></indexterm>
				</indexterm>
				<indexterm>
					<indexterm></indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	
	<taskbody>
	<context>
        	<p>This section provides instructions for registering additional Eucalyptus components
        	(specifically Walrus) in an existing environment for High Availability.</p>
		<note type="important">Adding an additional Walrus will require downtime of your cloud platform.</note>
		<p>Registering redundant components to your existing Eucalyptus installation will take your platform into a Highly Available configuration.  Registering the Cloud Controller, Cluster Controller and Storage Controller (with SAN adapter only) is fairly trivial but adding an additional Walrus requires that the user configure DRBD for bukkit storage replication.</p>
		
		<p>Before you begin, ensure that you have completed the following:</p>
                <ul>
			<li>Installed the same operating system on any additional server you will add for High Availability of a Eucalyptus component.</li>
			<li>Installed and configured Eucalyptus with matching configuration on any additional system you will be adding.</li>
			<li>If registering an additional Walrus, ensure you are able to move the contents of /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits/ to a temporary storage area.</li>
			<li>A block device (disk or partition) is available for use as a DRBD device. Consider using LVM for future growth.</li>
		</ul>
			<note type="important">Configuration of High Availiablity components must match. For more
				information, see <xref
				href="ha_planning.dita"/>.</note>
	</context>
	<steps>
	  <step>
	    <cmd>To register an additional Cloud Controller, Cluster Controller or Storage Controller please follow the installation guide on page X</cmd>
	  </step>

	  <step>
	    <cmd>To register an additional Walrus first follow the relevant steps in the installation guide on page X</cmd>
	  </step>
	  <step>
	    <cmd>Next you will need to configure a DRBD device for the bukkit store.  Start by shutting down the eucalyptus-cloud service on the Walrus server.</cmd>
	    <info>
	      <codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud stop</codeblock>
	    </info>
	  </step>
	  <step>
	    <cmd>Copy the current contents of /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits to a temporary location.</cmd>
	    <info>
	      <codeblock>cp -R --preserve /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits /newlocation/</codeblock>
	    </info>
	  </step>
	  <step>
	  	<cmd>Configure your new DRBD resource. For more information, see <xref
	  		href="config_drbd.dita"/>. After you are finished, complete the following steps.</cmd>
	  	<info>
	  		<note type="important">Though the DRBD configuration section asks you to restart the eucalyptus-cloud service, ensure you stop the service again before configuring the DRBD device.</note>
	  	</info>
	  </step>
	  	  			
	  <step>
	    <cmd>On the primary Walrus which has the new DRBD resource in a primary state (visible with drbd-overview), copy the preserved contents of /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits to the new DRBD device.</cmd>
	    <info>
	      <codeblock>cp -R --preserve /newlocation/* /var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits/</codeblock>
	    </info>
	  </step>
	  <step>
	    <cmd>On the primary Walrus, monitor the state of the resource with drbd-overview to observe the sync. Data will not be replicated until the resource is marked UpToDate/UpToDate.</cmd>
	    <info>
	      <codeblock>drbd-overview</codeblock>
	    </info>
	  </step>
        
	</steps>
		<result>Your HA environment is now ready.</result>
	</taskbody>
	</task>
	