<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="nw_system">
	<title>Static Mode</title>
    <shortdesc/>
	
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Static mode requires you to specify the network configuration each VM should receive from the Eucalyptus DHCP server running on the same physical server as the CC component. Configure each CC to use an Ethernet device that lies within the same broadcast domain as all of its NCs.</p>
				
				<p>To configure for Static mode:</p>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	
			<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="nw_managed_novlan_clc">
				<title>CLC Configuration</title>
				<taskbody>
					<context>
						<p>No network configuration required.</p>
					</context>
			
				</taskbody>
			</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="nw_manage_novlan_cc">
		<title>CC Configuration</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Log in to the CC and open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Go to the <b>Network Configuration</b> section, uncomment and set the following:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>VNET_MODE="STATIC"

VNET_SUBNET="&lt;subnet for private IP addresses for instances. Example: 192.168.1.0>"

VNET_NETMASK="&lt;netmask for the subnet in vnet_subnet. Example: 255.255.255.0>"

VNET_BROADCAST="&lt;broadcast IP to supply to instances in DHCP responses. Example: 192.168.1.255>"

VNET_ROUTER="&lt;subnet router IP/gateway IP to supply to instances in DHCP responses>"

VNET_DNS="&lt;IP of your DNS server>"

VNET_MACMAP="&lt;MAC-to-IP mapping for your VMs. Example: AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF=192.168.1.1
A1:B1:C1:D1:E1:F1=192.168.1.2>"

VNET_PRIVINTERFACE="&lt;Ethernet device on same network as the NCs. Example: eth0>"

VNET_DHCPDAEMON="&lt;path to DCHP daemon binary. Example /usr/sbin/dhcp3d>"

VNET_DHCPUSER="&lt;DHCP user name. Example: dhcpd>"</codeblock>
						
					</info>
				</step>
				
				<step>
					<cmd>Save the file. </cmd>
					
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Repeat on each CC in your system.</cmd>
					
				</step>
				
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="nw_managed_novlan_nc">
		<title>NC Configuration</title>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Log into an NC machine and open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
					file.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Go to the <b>Network Configuration</b> section, uncomment and set the following:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>VNET_MODE="STATIC"
VNET_BRIDGE="&lt;name of bridge on the same network as the CC. Examples: xenbr0 or eth0>"</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Repeat on each NC.</cmd>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
