<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="preparing_connectivity">
	<title>Verify Component Connectivity</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p> Verify connectivity between the machines you’ll be installing
				Eucalyptus on. Some Linux distributions provide default TCP/IP
				firewalling rules that limit network access to machines. Disable
				these default firewall settings before you install Eucalyptus
				components to ensure that the components can communicate with
				one another.</p>
			<note importance="high"> Any firewall running on the CC must be
				compatible with the dynamic changes performed by Eucalyptus when
				working with security groups. Eucalyptus will flush the 'filter'
				and 'nat' tables upon boot. </note>
			<p>Verify component connectivity by performing the following checks
				on the machines that will be running the listed Eucalyptus
				components. </p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from an end-user to the CLC on TCP ports
					8443 and 8773</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from an end-user to Walrus on TCP port
					8773</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from the CLC, SC, and NC (or VB) to SC on
					TCP port 8773</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from the CLC, SC, and NC (or VB) to
					Walrus on TCP port 8773</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from Walrus, SC, and VB to CLC on TCP
					port 8777</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from CLC to CC on TCP port 8774</cmd>
			</step>

			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from CC to VB on TCP port 8773</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from CC to NC on TCP port 8775</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from NC (or VB) to Walrus on TCP port
					8773. Or, you can verify the connection from the CC to
					Walrus on port TCP 8773, and from an NC to the CC on TCP
					port 8776</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection from public IP addresses of Eucalyptus
					instances (metadata) and CC to CLC on TCP port 8773</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify TCP connectivity between CLC, Walrus, SC and VB on
					TCP port 8779 (or the first available port in range
					8779-8849)  </cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify connection between CLC, Walrus, SC, and VB on UDP
					port 7500</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify multicast connectivity for IP address 228.7.7.3
					between CLC, Walrus, SC, and VB on UDP port 8773</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If DNS is enabled, verify connection from an end-user and
					instance IPs to DNS ports</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you use tgt (iSCSI open source target) for EBS storage,
					verify connection from NC to SC on TCP port 3260</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you use VMware with Eucalyptus, verify the connection
					from the VMware Broker to VMware (ESX, VSphere). </cmd>
			</step>

		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
