<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="preparing_firewalls">
	<title>Eucalyptus Port Usage</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p> Eucalyptus components use a variety of ports to communicate. The following table
				lists the all of the important ports used by Eucalyptus.   </p>
			<table >
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="1*"/>
					<colspec colname="COLSPEC1" colwidth="4*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Port</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8443</entry>
							<entry>SSL port for the administrative web user interface. Configurable
								with <apiname>euca-modify-property</apiname>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8772</entry>
							<entry>DEBUG ONLY: JMX port. This is disabled by default, and can be enabled with the <codeph>--debug</codeph> or <codeph>--jmx</codeph> options for <codeph>CLOUD_OPTS</codeph>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8773</entry>
							<entry>Web services port for the CLC, Walrus, SC, and VB; also used for
								external and internal communications by the CLC and Walrus.
								Configurable with <apiname>euca-modify-property</apiname>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8774</entry>
							<entry>Web services port on the CC. Configured in the <codeph>eucalyptus.conf</codeph> configuration file.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8775</entry>
							<entry>Web services port on the NC. Configured in the <codeph>eucalyptus.conf</codeph> configuration file.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8776</entry>
							<entry>Used by the image cacher on the CC. Configured in the <codeph>eucalyptus.conf</codeph> configuration file.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8777</entry>
							<entry>Database port on the CLC.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP 8080</entry>
							<entry>Port for the administrative web user interface. Forwards to 8443. Configurable
								with <apiname>euca-modify-property</apiname>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>UDP 7500</entry>
							<entry>Distributed cache port on the CLC, Walrus, SC, and VB.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>UDP 8773</entry>
							<entry>HA membership port.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>TCP/UDP 53</entry>
							<entry>DNS port on the CLC.</entry>
						</row>
						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
			<note importance="high">
				The CLC, Walrus, VB and SC open a random port for detection of component failures.
			</note>
			<note importance="high">
				Any firewall running on the CC must be compatible
				with the dynamic changes performed by Eucalyptus when working with
				security groups. Eucalyptus will flush the 'filter' and
				'nat' tables upon boot.
			</note>
		</context>

	</taskbody>
</task>
