<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="prerequisites_ha">
	<title>HA Requirements</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>

		<p>HA Eucalyptus requires the same requirements as non-HA Eucalyptus. However, the
			infrastructure HA Eucalyptus will be deployed on must meet some additional requirements,
			listed in the following sections.</p>
		<section>
			<title>Redundant Physical Servers for Eucalyptus Components</title>
			<p>Each cloud component (CLC and Walrus) and cluster component (CC, SC, and VMware Broker) in an HA deployment has a redundant hot backup.
				These redundant Eucalyptus components occur in pairs, and each member of a pair must be
				mapped to a separated physical server to ensure high availability. </p>
			<note type="important">HA pairs must be able to connect to each other.</note>
			<p>If the HA deployment is to be able to tolerate the failure of networking hardware,
				additional network interfaces are required for the physical servers that host Eucalyptus
				components. The physical servers hosting a CLC, Walrus, or CC and VMware Broker must each
				have three network interface cards (NICs). Each remaining physical server (except the NC
				components) requires two NICs.</p>
		</section>

		
		<section>
			<title>DNS Round-Robin Support</title>
			<p>The DNS entries for the externally visible IP addresses of the physical servers hosting CLC
				or Walrus components must be configured to change round-robin style in an HA deployment.</p>
		</section>

		<section><title>Storage Mirroring</title>
			<p>HA Eucalyptus uses a kernel-level storage technology called DRBD for storage integrity.
				DRBD must be configured to mirror data operations between physical servers that host Walrus
				components. For more
				information about DRBD, go to <xref href="http://www.drbd.org/" format="html"
					type="external">What is DRBD</xref>.</p>
			
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Storage Controllers</title>
			<p>For HA
				Storage Controllers, you must be using a supported SAN. Only use HA SCs with NetApp, Equallogic,
				or EMC VNX drivers, not with the iSCSI or JBOD SC driver.</p>
		</section>
		
		<!--<section><title>Email Notification</title>
			<p>HA Eucalyptus notifies the system administrator of failure events via email. The Linux MTA
				(Mail Transfer Agent) must be configured to deliver these notifications on any machine
				hosting a CLC component in an HA Eucalyptus deployment.</p></section>-->

	</conbody>
</concept>
