<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="shutdown_comps">
	<title>Shutdown Components</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody id="shutdown_comps_task">
		<context>
			<p>To shut down Eucalyptus components:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Terminate any running instances, as in the following example:</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>euca-terminate-instances &lt;instance01_id> &lt;instance02_id></codeblock></info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<note type="tip"><p>The following is an example that scripts the individual steps to
						shut down Eucalyptus components noted in this section.</p>
					<codeblock>for x in $( euca_conf --list-nodes | tail -n +2 | awk '{ print $1 }');
do ssh root@$x "service eucalyptus-nc stop"; done
for x in $( euca_conf --list-clusters | tail -n +2 | awk '{ print $2
}'); do ssh root@$x "service eucalyptus-cc stop"; done
for x in $( euca_conf --list-scs | tail -n +2 | awk '{ print $2 }');
do ssh root@$x "service eucalyptus-cloud stop"; done
for x in $( euca_conf --list-walruses | tail -n +2 | awk '{ print $2
}'); do ssh root@$x "service eucalyptus-cloud stop"; done
service eucalyptus-cloud stop</codeblock>
					<p>If you don't have ssh keys set up, you'll have to type a lot of passwords
						during this.</p></note>
				<cmd>Log in to an NC host and shut down the NC service.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>service eucalyptus-nc stop</codeblock>
					<p>Repeat for each machine hosting an NC.</p>
				</info>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Log in to a CC host and shut down the CC service.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>service eucalyptus-cc cleanstop</codeblock>
					<draft-comment>cleanstop?</draft-comment>
					<p>Repeat for each machine hosting a CC.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Shut down the VMware Broker service on the CC host.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud stop</codeblock>
					<note type="tip">This command also shuts down a CLC, Walrus, and SC components
						co-located with the CC and VMware Broker to stop at the same time, in the
						correct order.</note>
					<p>Repeat for each machine hosting the VMware Broker.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Log in to an SC host and shut down the SC service.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud stop</codeblock>
					<p>Repeat for any other machine hosting an SC.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Log in to the Walrus host and shut down the Walrus service.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud stop</codeblock></info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Log in to the CLC host and shut down the CLC service.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>service eucalyptus-cloud stop</codeblock></info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
