<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="space_verifying">
	<title>Verifying Component Disk Space</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Eucalyptus components need disk space for log files, databases, buckets, and instances. The
 		following table details the needs of each component. Verify that the machines you plan to install
 		the components on have adequate space.</p>
 	
 	<p>We recommend that you choose a disk for each Walrus that is large enough to hold all objects and buckets you
 		ever expect to have, including all images that will ever be registered to your system,
 		plus any Amazon S3 application data. For consistent performance, we recommend that you use
 		identical disks for the primary and secondary Walrus.</p>
 	
 	<note type="tip">We recommend that you use LVM (Logical Volume Manager). Should you run out
 		of disk space, LVM allows you to add disks and migrate the data.</note>
 	<table>
 		<tgroup cols="3">
 			<colspec colname="left" colwidth="20*"/>
 			<colspec colname="mid" colwidth="60*"/>
 			<colspec colname="right" colwidth="20*"/>
 			<thead>
 				<row>
 					<entry colname="left">Component</entry>
 					<entry colname="mid">Directory</entry>
 					<entry colname="right">Minimum Size</entry>
 				</row>
 			</thead>
 			<tbody>
 				<row>
 					<entry><p>CLC</p>
 					<p>CLC logging</p></entry>
 					<entry><p><filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/db</filepath></p>
 						<p><filepath>/var/log/eucalyptus</filepath></p>
 					</entry>
 					<entry><p>20GB</p>
 						<p>2GB</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><p>Walrus</p>
 					<p>Walrus logging</p></entry>
 					<entry><p><filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/bukkits</filepath> </p>
 						<p><filepath>/var/log/eucalyptus</filepath> </p>
 					</entry>
 					<entry><p>250GB</p>
 						<p>2GB</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>SC</entry>
 					<entry><filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes</filepath> (EBS storage) 
 						This disk space on the SC is only required if you are not using a SAN
 							driver.</entry>
 					<entry>250GB</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><p>CC</p>
 					<p>CC logging</p></entry>
 					<entry><p><filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/CC</filepath></p> 
 						<p><filepath>/var/log/eucalyptus</filepath></p>
 					</entry>
 					<entry><p>5GB</p>
 						<p>2GB</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><p>NC</p>
 					<p>NC logging</p></entry>
 					<entry><p><filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/instances</filepath> </p>
 						<p><filepath>/var/log/eucalyptus</filepath> </p>
 					</entry>
 					<entry><p>250GB</p>
 						<p>2GB</p>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 			</tbody>
 		</tgroup>
 	</table>
 	<p>If necessary, create symbolic links to larger filesystems from the above locations. Make sure
 	that the eucalyptus user owns the directories.</p>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
