<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="bp_networking">
	<title>Networking Modes</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes the recommendations for networking modes.<draft-comment
			author="mereditk">THIS TOPIC needs to be updated for DOC-1888 - Managed modes
			gone.</draft-comment></shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<p>We recommend that you use Edge or Managed networking mode, to ensure a secure deployment.
			They provide security groups, which are used to control inbound traffic to instances, as
			well as Layer-2 isolation between security groups.</p>
		<p>Layer-2 isolation protects traffic within a security group from potential eavesdropping
			and hijacking by instances that belong to other security groups. In Edge mode, Layer-2
			isolation is also enforced between instances within the same security group. For more
			information about choosing a networking modes, see <xref
				href="../install-guide/planning_networking_modes.dita"/>.</p>
		<p>Note that while Edge provides stronger Layer-2 isolation within a security group, it requires
			NCs to be on the data path to all VMs running on it. It means that all user traffic to
			VMs has to make it all the way to NCs before it can be blocked, if necessary. This is
			different from the Managed mode, where all user traffic goes through the CC and can be
			controlled in a centralized way. This needs to be taken into consideration when choosing
			between two modes. If Edge mode is selected, we recommend that you have a local firewall
			on each NC; this allows user traffic only to VMs, but not to the NC itself.</p>
	</conbody>
</concept>
