<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="disable_sts">
 <title>Configure STS Actions</title>
 <shortdesc>The Security Token Service (STS) allows you to enable or disable specific token actions. </shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>By default, the enabled actions list is empty. However, this means that all actions are
 		enabled. To disable actions, list each action in the <codeph>disabledactions</codeph> property. To enable specific actions, list them in the <codeph>enabledactions</codeph> property. </p>
 	
 	<codeblock># euca-describe-properties tokens
PROPERTY	tokens.disabledactions	{}
PROPERTY	tokens.enabledactions	{}</codeblock>
 	
 <p>The values for each property are case-insensitive, space or comma-separated lists of token
 	service actions. If an action is in the disable list it will not be permitted. Eucalyptus returns
 	an HTTP status 503 and the code <codeph>ServiceUnavailable</codeph>.</p>
 	
 	<p>If the enable list is not empty, Eucalyptus only permits the actions specifically listed.</p>
 	<table>
 		<tgroup cols="2">
 			<thead>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Action</entry>
 					<entry>Description</entry>
 				</row>
 			</thead>
 			<tbody>
 				<row>
 					<entry>AssumeRole</entry>
 					<entry>Roles as per AWS/STS and Eucalyptus-specific personas admin functionality</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>GetAccessToken</entry>
 					<entry>Eucalyptus extension for password logins (for example, the User Console)</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>GetImpersonationToken</entry>
 					<entry>Eucalyptus extension that allows cloud administrators to act as specific users</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>GetSessionToken</entry>
 					<entry>Session tokens in the sameas per AWS/STS</entry>
 				</row>
 			</tbody>
 		</tgroup>
 	</table>
 	<p>For more information about STS, go to <xref
 		href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/sts/index.html" scope="external"
 		format="html">STS section of the AWS CLI Reference</xref>.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
