<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_ssl_clc">
    <title>Configure SSL for the CLC</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic details tasks to configure SSL for the CLC.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
           <note type="important">In a HA environment, repeat these tasks on the other CLC.</note>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
	<task id="config_ssl_clc_keystore">
		<title>Create a Keystore</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
					<p>Eucalyptus uses a PKCS12-format keystore. If you are using a
						certificate signed by a trusted root CA, perform the following steps.</p>

			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command to convert your trusted certificate and key into an
						appropriate format:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>openssl pkcs12 -export -in [YOURCERT.crt] -inkey [YOURKEY.key] \
 -out tmp.p12 -name [key_alias]</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>This command will request an export password, which is used
						in the following steps.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Save a backup of the Eucalyptus keystore, at
						<filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/keys/euca.p12</filepath>.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Import your keystore into the Eucalyptus keystore</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>keytool -importkeystore \ 
-srckeystore tmp.p12 -srcstoretype pkcs12 -srcstorepass [export_password] \ 
-destkeystore /var/lib/eucalyptus/keys/euca.p12 -deststoretype pkcs12 \ 
-deststorepass eucalyptus -alias [key_alias] \ 
-srckeypass [export_password] -destkeypass [export_password]</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="config-ssl_clc_enable">
		<title>Enable the CLC to Use the Keystore</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>To enable the CLC to use the keystore, perform the following steps.</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following commands on the CLC:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_alias=[key_alias]
euca-modify-property -p \ bootstrap.webservices.ssl.server_password=[export_password]</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Restart the CLC by running <codeph>service eucalyptus-cloud
						restart</codeph> or <codeph>/etc/init.d/eucalyptus-cloud
							restart</codeph>.</cmd>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="config_ssl_clc_redirect">
		<title>Optional: Redirect Requests</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>The CLC and Walrus listen for both SSL and non-SSL
				connections on port 8773. If you have other tools that expect to
				speak SSL on port 443, you should forward requests on that port
				to port 8773. For example, the following iptables command can be
				used:</p>
				<codeblock>iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp --dport 443 -j REDIRECT --to-ports 8773</codeblock>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
