<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="modify_multicast">
	<title>Change Multicast Address</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes how to change your multicast address for group membership.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<!--    If there are no prereqs, state "None."         
		<prereq><b>Prerequisites</b><ul>
			<li>A prereq.</li>
			<li>Another prereq.</li>
		</ul>
		</prereq>       --> 
		<!--    This "To ... " context states what we are trying to accomplish via the steps in this task. -->        
		<context><p>By default, Eucalyptus uses the multicast address 239.193.7.3 for group membership.
				Most data centers limit multicast address communication for security measures. We
				recommend that you use addresses in the administratively-scoped multicast address
					range.<note>As of Eucalyptus 4.3, the default multicast address changed from
					228.7.7.3 to 239.193.7.3.</note></p>
			<b>To change the multicast address for group membership</b></context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Stop all services, starting from the CC, SC, Walrus, then CLC. For example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>systemctl stop eucalyptus-cluster.service
systemctl stop eucalyptus-cloud.service</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Change the <filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath> on the CC, modifying the <codeph>CLOUD_OPTS</codeph> parameter to the new IP
					address:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>CLOUD_OPTS="--mcast-addr=228.7.7.3"</codeblock>
					<note>The above shows how to set the multicast address to a value compatible with releases prior to Eucalyptus 4.3.</note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Restart all services, starting from the CLC, Walrus, SC, CC. For example:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>systemctl start eucalyptus-cloud.service
systemctl start eucalyptus-cluster.service</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify that the configured multicast address is being used via netstat:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>netstat -nulp</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<!--    If there are no postreqs, this section should be hidden. Don't expect many postreqs.-->
        <postreq><b>Postrequisites</b><ul>
            <li>Check the firewall after changing the multicast address. See <xref
						href="configuring_iptables.dita#configuring_iptables"/> for more
					information.</li>
        </ul>
        </postreq>         
	</taskbody>
</task>
