<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="security_bp_ldap">
 <title>LDAP Security</title>
 <shortdesc>This topic explains variables in the LIC file you should use to secure configuration.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>When you enable LDAP/Active Directory (AD) integration with Eucalyptus, we recommend that you
 		use the following variables in the LDAP/AD Integration Configuration (LIC) file. These variables
 		are located under the <codeph>ldap-service</codeph> element in the LIC file.</p>
 	
 	<table>
 		<tgroup cols="2">
 			<thead>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Element</entry>
 					<entry>Description</entry>
 				</row>
 			</thead>
 			<tbody>
 				<row>
 					<entry>auth-method</entry>
 					<entry>The LDAP/AD authentication method to perform
 						synchronization.
 						<ul><li><varname>simple</varname>: for clear text
 							user/password authentication.</li>
 							<li><varname>DIGEST-MD5</varname>: for SASL
 								authentication using MD5</li>
 							<li><varname>GSSAPI</varname>: SASL
 								authentication using Kerberos V5.</li>
 						</ul>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				
 				<row>
 					<entry>user-auth-method</entry>
 					<entry>The LDAP/AD authentication method for normal
 						users to perform Eucalyptus Administrator Console
 						login. <ul>
 							<li><varname>simple</varname>: for clear text
 								user/password authentication.</li>
 							<li><varname>DIGEST-MD5</varname>: for SASL
 								authentication using MD5</li>
 							<li><varname>GSSAPI</varname>: SASL
 								authentication using Kerberos V5.</li>
 						</ul>
 					</entry>
 				</row>
 				
 				<row>
 					<entry>use-ssl</entry>
 					<entry>Specifies whether to use SSL for connecting to
 						LDAP/AD service. If this option is enabled, make sure
 						the SSL port for LDAP is defined as part of the server-url.
 						The default port for LDAP+SSL is port 636.</entry>
 				</row>
 				
 				<row>
 					<entry>ignore-ssl-cert-validation</entry>
 					<entry>Specifies whether to ignore self-signed SSL
 						certs. This is useful when you only have self-signed
 						SSL certs for your LDAP/AD services.</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry>krb5-conf</entry>
 					<entry>The file path for <filepath>krb5.conf</filepath>, if you use GSSAPI
 						authentication method. </entry>
 				</row>
 			</tbody>
 		</tgroup>
 	</table>
 	<p>Please note the following:</p>
 		
 		auth-method and user-auth-method support three types of authentication methods:
 		simple: for clear text user/password authentication. This should only be used if use-ssl is enabled. Currently Eucalyptus only supports ldap+SSL (ldaps). TLS [http://www.openldap.org/doc/admin24/tls.html] is planned to be supported in the future.
 		DIGEST-MD5: SASL authentication using MD5
 		GSSAPI: SASL authentication using Kerberos V5
 		
 		<p>For more information about simple authentication, go to the following resources:</p>
 			<ul>
 			<li>OpenLDAP - Authentication Methods - "simple" method [http://www.openldap.org/doc/admin24/security.html#"simple” method]</li>
 		
 		<li>Active Directory - Simple Authentication [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc223499.aspx]</li>
 		</ul>
 		
 		<p>For more information regarding using SASL authentication, go to the following resources:</p>
 	<ul>
 		<li>OpenLDAP - Using SASL [http://www.openldap.org/doc/admin24/sasl.html]</li>
 		<li>Active Directory - SASL Authentication [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc223500.aspx]</li>
 		</ul>
 		* When use-ssl is enabled, this means that ldaps will be used.  The server-url still needs to begin with ldap://.
 		
 		* <p>We recommend using a proxy user for the <codeph>auth-principal</codeph>. Typically, proxy users are used to be associated with the application that needs to do reads (and in some cases writes) against the LDAP/AD Directory.  Proxy users also help make it easier for security audits done on the LDAP/AD Directory.  For the proxy user used with Eucalyptus for LDAP/AD sync, the proxy user only needs read access.  For more information about using proxy authentication with OpenLDAP and Active Directory, please refer to the following resources:</p>
 	<ul>
 		<li>OpenLDAP - SASL Proxy Authorization [http://www.openldap.org/doc/admin24/sasl.html#SASL Proxy Authorization]</li>
 		<li>Active Directory - Support Types of Security Principles [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc223505.aspx]</li>
 	</ul>
 		<p>For more information about security regarding OpenLDAP and Active Directory, refer to the following resources:</p>
 	<ul>
 		
 	<li>OpenLDAP - Security Considerations [http://www.openldap.org/doc/admin24/security.html]</li>
 		<li>Active Directory - LDAP Security [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc223496.aspx]</li>
 		</ul>
 </conbody>
</concept>
