<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="security_task_replays">
	<title>Configure Replay Protection</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>You can configure replay detection in Java components (which includes the CLC, UFS, OSG,
				Walrus, and SC) to allow replays of the same message for a set time period. This
				might be needed to ensure that legitimate requests submitted by automated scripts
				closely together (such as two requests to describe instances issued within the same
				second) are not rejected as malicious. </p>
			<note type="important">To protect against replay attacks, the Java components cache messages only
				for 15 minutes. So it’s important that any client tools used to interact with the
				components have the Expires element set to a value less than 15 minutes from the
				current time. This is usually not an issue with standard tools, such as euca2ools
				and Amazon EC2 API Tools. </note>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>The Java components' replay detection algorithm rejects messages with the same signatures
					received within 15 minutes. The time within which messages with the same
					signatures are accepted is controlled by the
						<codeph>bootstrap.webservices.replay_skew_window_sec</codeph> property. The
					default value of this property is three seconds. To change this value, enter the
					following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p bootstrap.webservices.replay_skew_window_sec=[new_value_in_seconds]</codeblock>
					<p>If you set this property to <codeph>0</codeph>,
						Eucalyptus will not allow any message replays. This
						setting provides the best protection against message
						replay attacks, but may break some of the client-side
						scripts that issue commands too quickly.</p>
					<p>If you set this property to any value greater than 15
						minutes plus the values of ws.clock_skew_sec (that is,
						to a value >= 920 sec in the default installation),
						Eucalyptus disables replay detection completely.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>When checking message timestamps for expiration, Eucalyptus allows up to 20 seconds of
					clock drift between the machines. This is a default setting. You can change this
					value for the Java components at runtime by setting the
						<codeph>bootstrap.webservices.clock_skew_sec</codeph> property as
					follows:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p bootstrap.webservices.clock_skew_sec=[new_value_in_seconds]</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>

	</taskbody>
</task>
