<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="security_bp_access">
  <title> Authentication and Access Control</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes best practices for Identity and Access Management and the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph>
		account.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section>
    	<title>Identity and Access Management</title>
      <p>Eucalyptus manages access control through an authentication,
        authorization, and accounting system. This system manages user
        identities, enforces access controls over resources, and provides
        reporting on resource usage as a basis for auditing and managing cloud
        activities. The user identity organizational model and the scheme of
        authorizations used to access resources are based on and compatible with
        the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) system, with some
        Eucalyptus extensions provided that support ease-of-use in a private
        cloud environment.</p>
      <p>For a general introduction to IAM in Eucalyptus, see <xref
          href="../admin-guide/concepts_eiam.dita"/> in the Administration Guide. For information
        about using IAM quotas to enforce limits on resource usage by users and
        accounts in Eucalyptus, see the <xref
          href="../admin-guide/access_policy_quota.dita"/> section in the Administration Guide.</p>
      <p>The <xref
          href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/IAMBestPractices.html"
          scope="external" format="html">Amazon Web Services IAM Best Practices</xref> are also
        generally applicable to Eucalyptus.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Credential Management</title>
      <p>Protection and careful management of user credentials (passwords, access keys, X.509
        certificates, and key pairs) is critical to cloud security. When dealing with credentials,
        we recommend:</p>
      <ul>
      <li>Limit the number of active credentials and do not create more credentials than
          needed.</li>
      <li>Only create users and credentials for the interfaces that you will actually use. For
        example, if a user is only going to use the Management Console, do not create credentials
        access keys for that user.</li>
        <li>Using <codeph>euca_conf --get-credentials</codeph> creates access keys and X.509
          certificates; avoid unnecessary use of the command and use
            <codeph>euare-useraddkey</codeph> and <codeph>euare-usercreatecert</codeph> or
            <codeph>euare-useraddcert</codeph> instead to get a specific set of credentials if
          needed.</li>
      <li>Regularly check for active credentials using <codeph>euare-</codeph> commands and remove
          unused credentials. Ideally, only one pair of active credentials should be available at
          any time.</li>
      <li>Rotate credentials regularly and delete old credentials as soon as possible. Credentials
          can be created and deleted using <codeph>euare-</codeph> commands, such as
            <codeph>euare-useraddkey</codeph> and <codeph>euare-userdelkey</codeph>.</li>
      <li>When rotating credentials, there is an option to deactivate, instead of removing, existing
          access/secret keys and X.509 certificates. Requests made using deactivated credentials
          will not be accepted, but the credentials remain in the Eucalyptus database and can be
          restored if needed. You can deactivate credentials using <codeph>euare-usermodkey</codeph>
          and <codeph>euare-usermodcert</codeph>.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Privileged Roles</title>
      <p>The <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> account is a super-privileged account in Eucalyptus. It has
        access to all cloud resources, cloud setup, and management. The users within this account do
        not obey IAM policies and compromised credentials can result in a complete cloud
        compromisation that is not easy to contain. We recommend limiting the use of this account
        and associated users' credentials as much as possible.</p>
      <p>For all unprivileged operations, use regular accounts. If you require super-privileged
        access (for example, management of resources across accounts and cloud setup
        administration), we recommend that you use one of the predefined privileged roles.</p>
      <p>The Account, Infrastructure, and Resource Administrator <xref
          href="../admin-guide/access_roles.dita">roles</xref> provide a more secure way to gain
        super privileges in the cloud. Credentials returned by an assume-role operation are
        short-lived (unlike regular user credentials). Privileges available to each role are limited
        in scope and can be revoked easily by modifying the trust or access policy for the role.</p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
  <related-links>
    <link href="../admin-guide/access_roles.dita"/>
  </related-links>
</concept>
