<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="create_volume_ui_help_context">
    <title>Create a Security Group</title>
    <shortdesc> Eucalyptus enables you to control access to your cloud using security groups. A
        security group contains a group of rules that control inbound traffic to instances in the
        group for the specified protocols and ports. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="create_volume_ui_help_steps">
        <title>Create a Security Group with the Console</title>
        <shortdesc/>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Enter a name for your security group in the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> text box. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Enter a description for your security group in the <uicontrol>Description</uicontrol> text box.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Create one or more rules for the security group. A rule grants inbound
                        access to a port or port range for a specified protocol.</cmd>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Select a protocol for the rule from the <uicontrol>Protocol</uicontrol> drop-down list
                                box. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd> Enter a port range for the rule in the <uicontrol>Port range</uicontrol> text box. </cmd>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>

                            <cmd> Select the type of inbound traffic for the rule using the radio
                                buttons: </cmd>
                            <info>
                                <p>To grant access to an IP address or range of IP addresses, select
                                    the <uicontrol>IP Address</uicontrol> radio button and enter a CIDR range in the text
                                    box.</p>
                                <note>For more information on CIDR notation, please see the <xref
                                        href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIDR_notation" format="html">CIDR
                                        notation Wikipedia article</xref>.</note>
                                <p>To grant access to another security group, select the <uicontrol>Other
                                    security group</uicontrol> radio button and enter the name of the security
                                    group in the text box.</p>
                                <p>To grant access to only to other instances in this security group, select the <uicontrol>Other
                                    instances in this security group</uicontrol> radio button.</p>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Add another rule</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Create group</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
