<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="reuse">
  <title>Reusable Information</title>
	<prolog>
		<copyright id="copyright">
			<copyryear year="2011"></copyryear>
			<copyrholder>&#169; 2012, Eucalyptus Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Eucalyptus is a registered
			trademark of Eucalyptus Systems, Inc.
			</copyrholder>
		</copyright>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<keyword>Eucalyptus</keyword>
			</keywords>	
			<prodinfo id="prod_info">
				<prodname>Private and hybrid cloud computing software</prodname>
				<vrmlist><vrm version="3.0" release="0" modification="0"/></vrmlist>
				<platform>Linux</platform>
				<component>Linux&#174; is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries.
					Windows is a registered trademark of the Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other
					countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners</component>
				<!--<prognum>SN-12345T</prognum>-->
			</prodinfo>
		</metadata>
				
	</prolog>
  <body>
  	
  	
  	<p id="certificate_info">As part of your Eucalyptus subscription, you will receive an entitlement certificate and a
  		private key that allow you to download Eucalyptus. You will also receive a GPG public key to be
  		used to verify the Eucalyptus software's integrity. The entitlement certificate file is named
  		for the license holder and is appended with an x.y.z flag that indicates the count of
  		certificate and the Eucalyptus version number. For example,
  		<filepath>&lt;license_name>-1.3.0.crt</filepath> indicates that the file is your first certificate for
  		3.0. The private key file is named after the license holder but does not include version or
  		numbering information. For example: <filepath>&lt;license_name>-1.3.0.key</filepath>. The GPG public key file is called <filepath>c1240596-eucalyptus-release-key.pub</filepath>.</p>
  	
  	<note id="install_ha_note" type="restriction">If you are deploying HA, you must install these
  		packages on pairs of systems. For instance, “eucalyptus-cloud” is installed on the primary CLC
  		and the secondary CLC.</note>
  	
  	<codeblock id="euca_start">service eucalyptus-cloud start</codeblock>
  	
  	<p id="euca_install_ha_note" product="ha">If you plan to install Eucalyptus HA, we recommend that
  		you install each Eucalyptus component on a separate host. For example, if you are installing
  		CLC, Walrus, CC, and SC, you will install each of these components on a separate
  		host. You will also install each secondary component (the secondary CLC, Walrus, CC, and SC) on
  		a separate host. In this case, you will need eight machines. Each additional cluster needs four
  		more machines for its CCs and SCs. This does not account for NCs,
  		which are not redundant.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
