<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_features_4.1.2">
	<title>What's New?</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>New Features</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus 4.1.2 introduces the following new feature.</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Feature</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Adds the ability to pass SCTP traffic between instances.</entry>
							<entry>This feature enables SCTP traffic passing between instances when using EDGE network
								mode. <ol>
									<li>SCTP requires the conn track modules to be installed on each NC running in EDGE mode:
												<p><codeph>modprobe
											nf_conntrack_proto_sctp</codeph>)</p></li>
									<li>Check the underlying network to verify it is configured and capable of passing new
										types of IP traffic. Perform the test outside the Eucalyptus
										cloud.</li>
									<li>Modify the <codeph>cloud.network.ec2_classic_additional_protocols_allowed</codeph>
										property: <p><codeph>euca-modify-property –p
												cloud.network.ec2_classic_additional_protocols_allowed
												=132</codeph></p></li>
									<li>Set the <codeph>euca-authorize</codeph> option to
											<codeph>--protocol 132</codeph> (the <xref
											href="http://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml"
											format="xhtml" scope="external">IANA-assigned protocol
											number</xref> for SCTP) to enable SCTP for a security
										group.</li>
								</ol>
								<note>
									<ul>
										<li>If you need to remove the rule from a security group,
											use <codeph>euca-revoke</codeph>.</li>
										<li>If you want to remove the protocol from the cloud
											property, all the related security group rules should be
											revoked first.</li>
										<li>All ports are available to SCTP. (Port ranges are
											ignored.)</li>
									</ul>
								</note>
							</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
