<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="euca_default_limits_4.4.1">
 <title>Eucalyptus Limitations and Restrictions</title>
 <shortdesc>This topic provides defaults used for known limitations and restrictions associated with
      <ph conref="../../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_longname"/> 4.4 features, services, and
    accounts as tested and supported by the Eucalyptus Quality Team. Some of these limitations may
    reflect the supported differences between AWS and Eucalyptus. </shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Functional Limitations</title>
   <p>This section describes features and operations that are not supported by Eucalyptus, and therefore, 
   considered a functional limitation or difference from that of AWS. </p>
  <ul>
   <li>Eucalyptus CloudFormation Update Stack does not support Notification Configurations for given
     resources since Eucalyptus has not implemented Simple Notification Service (SNS) or Simple
     Queue Service (SQS).</li>
   <li>Eucalyptus CloudFormation Update Stack supports the <codeph>UpdatePolicy</codeph> attribute
     on the <codeph>AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup</codeph> type but only the
      <codeph>AutoScalingRollingUpdate</codeph> condition is supported since Eucalyptus Auto Scaling
     does not support Scheduled Actions.</li>
   <li>Full access to the Management Console requires a minimum IAM policy. See <xref
      href="../../shared/console_iam_policy.dita">Add Access Policy</xref> for the recommended
     minimal IAM policy to apply when creating a group.</li>
   <li>Auto scaling limits are aligned with the AWS limits, except for SNS topics, as SNS is
        currently not supported in Eucalyptus. The <xref 
         href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws_service_limits.html#limits_autoscaling"
         scope="external"
         format="html">AWS Auto Scaling Limits</xref> are also generally applicable to
        Eucalyptus.</li>
   <li>API support for object lifecycle in S3 is the same as for AWS S3 except for:
    <ul>
     <li><b>Glacier support</b>. There is no "transition" operation type to transition objects to Glacier.</li>
     <li><b>Transitions between storage classes</b>. Eucalyptus allows multiple storage classes but
       they have no real meaning and do not differentiate either cost or durability of the data. See
        <xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/object-lifecycle-mgmt.html"
        scope="external" format="html">AWS Object Lifecycle Management</xref> for more
       information.</li>
    </ul>
    
    </li>
  </ul>
   
   
  </section>
  <section>
    <title>Configurable Limitations</title>
    <p>This section lists the limitations that are present for configuring certain resources, as tested by Eucalyptus, 
     and may differ from those imposed by AWS. </p>
    <table>
     <tgroup
     cols="3">
     <colspec
      colnum="1"
      colname="c1"
      colwidth="2.52*"/>
     <colspec
      colnum="2"
      colname="c2"
      colwidth="1.08*"/>
     <colspec
      colnum="3"
      colname="c3"
      colwidth="1*"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Default</entry>
       <entry>Maximum</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>The number of instances that can be started in one cluster. Configurable via
                MAX_INSTANCES_PER_CC in eucalyptus.conf. <b>Note:</b> Once a cloud is in use and has
                started operating based on this variable, it is not safe to change it at runtime. If
                the value needs to be changed, stop the CC process, remove the files in
                /var/lib/eucalyptus/CC/*, change the variable in the config file, and start the CC
                process again.</entry>
       <entry>2048</entry>
       <entry>4096</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>The number of volumes that can be attached to a VM. Eucalyptus can attach up to 24-25
        volumes per VM.</entry>
       <entry>None</entry>
       <entry>Unknown because EBS/HVM/PV instances would have different limits.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>The number of access keys a user can have. Configurable in property
         <codeph>authentication.access_keys_limit</codeph>.</entry>
       <entry>2</entry>
       <entry>None</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Name restrictions on the values that can be used with IAM.</entry>
       <entry>Same as AWS. The <xref
         href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_iam-limits.html"
         scope="external"
         format="html">AWS restrictions on names</xref> are also generally applicable to
        Eucalyptus.</entry>
       <entry>n/a</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Most default limits are defined via cloud properties.</entry>
       <entry>varies</entry>
       <entry>varies</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
    </table>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
