<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_features_3.4.0">
	<title>What's New?</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>New Features</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus 3.4.0 introduces the following new features.</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Feature</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>Multi-cluster, Multi-hypervisor support</entry>
							<entry>Eucalyptus now supports VMware and KVM in the same cloud. For more information,
								see ....</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Security Token Service (STS) compatability</entry>
							<entry>Eucalyptus now has limited support for STS. For STS schema documentation, see
								<xref href="../../shared/schemas.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Support for warm upgrades</entry>
							<entry>Eucalyptus no longer requires that you shut down instances when you
								upgrade. For information about upgrading Eucalyptus, see <xref href="../../install-guide/upgrade.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Deregistered images now automatically cleaned up</entry>
							<entry>Users no longer have to run the <codeph>euca-deregister</codeph> command twice.
								Deregistered images will be automatically cleaned up in the background with an
								interval configured by a new property in euca.conf: <codeblock>cloud.images.cleanupperiod = 10m</codeblock>
								<p>The default value is 10 minutes. An image can only be cleaned up once it is no
									longer in use by any instances.</p>
								<p>The cloud administrator can pass <codeph>verbose</codeph> to
										<codeph>euca-describe-images</codeph> to see the deregistered images, they will
									not otherwise be shown. The cloud administrator can also run the deregister
									command twice to force an immediate attempt at image cleanup.</p>
							</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New configuration property</entry>
							<entry>We added a new configuration property that allows unknown parameters to be
								ignored for all services or treated an an error for all services. For more information, see
								the <codeph>bootstrap.webservices.unknown_parameter_handling</codeph> property in <xref
									href="../../euca2ools-guide/euca-properties.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New documentation</entry>
							<entry>We added new content to our documentation: Image Management Guide, Hybrid
								Guide, a new Security section in the Administration Guide, and schema
								documentation. For more information, see <xref href="../../shared/doc_history.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Technology Preview Features</title>
			<p>Technology Preview features provide early access to upcoming product innovations, enabling you to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. However, these features are not fully supported under Eucalyptus Subscription Level Agreements, may not be functionally complete, and are not intended for production use.</p>
			<p>Eucalyptus 3.4.0 introduces the following technology preview feature.</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Feature</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>New Edge networking mode</entry>
							<entry>For more information, go to the wiki page for <xref
									href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/wiki/display/DS/EDGE+Networking"
									scope="external" format="html">Edge Networking</xref>.</entry>
						</row>
						<!--<row>
							<entry>Object Storage Gateway with RiakCS integration</entry>
							<entry>For more information, go to ...</entry>
						</row>
-->
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table></section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
