<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="access_policy_quota">
 <title>Quotas</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>Eucalyptus adds quota enforcement to resource usage. To avoid introducing another configuration
 		language into Eucalyptus, and simplify the management, we extend the IAM policy language to
 		support quotas. The only addition added to the language is the new <codeph>limit</codeph> effect. If a policy statement’s <codeph>effect</codeph> is <codeph>limit</codeph>, it is a quota statement.</p>
 	
 	<p>A quota statement also has action and resource fields. You can use these fields to match
 		specific requests, for example, quota only being checked on matched requests. The actual quota type and value are specified using special quota keys, and listed in the <codeph>condition</codeph> part of the statement. Only condition type <codeph>NumericLessThanEquals</codeph> can be used with quota keys.</p>
 	
 	<note type="important">An account can only have a quota policy. If you attach an IAM
 		policy to an account (where, for example, the Effect is "Allow" or "Deny"), there will be unexpected results.</note>
 	
 	<p>The following quota policy statement limits the attached user to only launch a maximum of 16 instances in an account.</p>
 	<codeblock>{
 "Version":"2011-04-01",
 "Statement":[{
   "Sid":"4",
   "Effect":"Limit",
   "Action":"ec2:RunInstances",
   "Resource":"*",
   "Condition":{
     “NumericLessThanEquals”:{
       “ec2:quota-vminstancenumber”:”16”
     }
   }
 }]
}</codeblock>
 	<p>You can attach quotas to both users and accounts, although some of the quotas only apply to
 		accounts. Quota attached to groups will take no effect.</p>
 	<p>When a quota policy is attached to an account, it actually is attached to the account
 		administrator user. Since only system administrator can specify account quotas, the account
 		administrator can only inspect quotas but can't change the quotas attached to herself.</p>
 	
 	<p>The following is all the quota keys implemented in Eucalyptus:</p>
 	
 	<table>
 		<tgroup cols="3">
 			<thead>
 				<row>
 					<entry>Quota Key</entry>
 					<entry>Description</entry>
 					<entry>Applies to</entry>
 				</row>
 			</thead>
 			<tbody>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>s3:quota-bucketnumber</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of S3 buckets</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>s3:quota-bucketobjectnumber</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of objects in each bucket,</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>s3:quota-bucketsize</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Size of bucket, in MB</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>s3:quota-buckettotalsize</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>total size of all buckets, in MB</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>ec2:quota-addressnumber </codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of elastic IPs</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>ec2:quota-imagenumber </codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of EC2 images</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>ec2:quota-snapshotnumber </codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of EC2 snapshots</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>ec2:quota-vminstancenumber</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of EC2 instances</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>ec2:quota-volumenumber</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of EC2 volumes</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>ec2:quota-volumetotalsize</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of total volume size, in GB</entry>
 					<entry>account and user</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>iam:quota-groupnumber</codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of IAM groups</entry>
 					<entry>account</entry>
 				</row>
 				<row>
 					<entry><codeph>iam:quota-usernumber </codeph></entry>
 					<entry>Number of IAM users</entry>
 					<entry>account</entry>
 				</row>
 			</tbody>
 		</tgroup>
 	</table>
 	<section>
 		<title>Default Quota</title>
 		<p>Contrary to IAM policies, by default, there is no quota limits (except the hard system limit)
 			on any resource allocations for a user or an account. Also, system administrators are not 
 			constrained by any quota. Account administrators are only be constrained by account quota.</p>
 	</section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
