<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="add_cluster">
	<title>Add a Cluster</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>You might want to add a new <indexterm><term>cluster</term></indexterm> to your for a
				variety of reasons: adding new machines, using another hypervisor, or increasing
				capacity.</p>
			<note type="tip">Each Eucalyptus cluster has its own cluster controller and storage
				controller. You can view detailed information about clusters by entering the following
				command: <codeph>euca-describe-availability-zones verbose</codeph>. </note>
			<p>To add a cluster:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install the Eucalyptus packages from <draft-comment>Maybe this should be earlier?</draft-comment>.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Log in as root to the CLC.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Enter the following command to register the CC:</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>/usr/sbin/euca_conf --register-cluster
&lt;new_cluster_name&gt; &lt;CC_IP_address&gt;</codeblock></info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Enter the following command to register the SC:</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>/usr/sbin/euca_conf --register-sc &lt;new_cluster_name&gt;
&lt;SC_IP_address&gt;</codeblock></info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you have it installed, register the Broker. Otherwise, skip this step.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>/usr/sbin/euca_conf --register-vmwarebroker &lt;new_cluster_name&gt;
 &lt;CC_IP_address&gt;</codeblock></info>
			</step>
			<step product="ha">
				<cmd>If you are using HA, register the replicated controller information using the same
					cluster name you used in the previous steps. However, use the IP address of the new
					replicated component.</cmd>
				<info><codeblock>/usr/sbin/euca_conf --register-cluster
&lt;new_cluster_name&gt; &lt;replicated_CC_IP_address&gt;
/usr/sbin/euca_conf --register-sc &lt;new_cluster_name&gt;
&lt;replicated_SC_IP_address&gt;
</codeblock></info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
