<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="cred_get">
 <title>Get Credentials</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <taskbody>
 	<context>
 		<p>Eucalyptus provides two main ways of getting user credentials. In both cases, Eucalyptus
 			returns a zip file that contains keys, certificates, a bash
 			script, and several other required files. To use these credentials with
 			such CLI tools as euca2ools or ec2-tools, unzip your credentials zip
 			file to a directory of your choice.</p> 
 	</context>
 	<steps-unordered>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>An administrator with a root access to the machine on which CLC is
 				installed can get credentials using euca_conf CLI tool on that
 				machine.</cmd>
 			<info>
 				<codeblock>/usr/sbin/euca_conf --cred-account &lt;account> --cred-user &lt;user_name>
 --get-credentials &lt;filename>.zip</codeblock>
 				<p>Where &lt;account> and &lt;user_name> are the names of the account and the
 				user whose credentials are retrieved. </p>
 				<note type="tip">You can omit the <codeph>--cred-account</codeph> and
 					<codeph>--cred-user</codeph> options when you get credentials for the
 					<b>admin</b> user of the <b>eucalyptus</b> account.</note>
 			</info>
 		</step>
 		<step>
 			<cmd>A user can get his or her credentials by logging in into the
 				Dashboard and clicking <uicontrol>Download new credentials</uicontrol> in the
 				drop-down menu at the top of the screen. This will result in a
 				download of a zip file.</cmd>
 			
 		</step>
 	</steps-unordered>
 	<example>
 		<p>In the following example we
 		download the credentials zip file to <filepath>~/.euca</filepath>, then change access
 		permissions, as shown:</p>
 		<codeblock>mkdir ~/.euca
cd ~/.euca
unzip &lt;filepath>/&lt;creds_zipfile>.zip
chmod 0700 ~/.euca 
chmod 0600 *</codeblock>
 		<note type="important">The zip file with credentials contains
 			security-sensitive information. We recommend that you remove or read-
 			and write-protect the file from other users after unzipping.</note>
 		<p>Alternatively, you can view and copy your access keys and X.509
 			certificates from the Dashboard after logging in, using the Navigation menu.</p>
 	</example>
 </taskbody>
	
</task>
