<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="dashboard_using">
	<title>Understanding the Eucalyptus Dashboard</title>
	<shortdesc>This section explains the components of the Dashboard screen.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<p>The Dashboard screen has the following areas:</p>
		<draft-comment>Include image of screen.</draft-comment>

		<dl>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Header</dt>
				<dd>This area includes the logo, the link to a user profile setting menu, and the big search
					box.</dd>
			</dlentry>

			<dlentry>
				<dt>User Profile</dt>
				<dd>The current login user identity displays on the right side of the logo area. It shows
					the user name and the account name of the user identity, in the format of <codeblock>&lt;user_name&gt;@&lt;account_name&gt;</codeblock>
					<p>Click the profile name to display the user profile menu. The menu provides the
						following functions:</p>
					<ul>
						<li><uicontrol>View/change profile</uicontrol>: Displays the search result of the
							current user. In the search result page, you can view or change your identity’s
							profile.</li>
						<li><uicontrol>View access key</uicontrol>: Displays the search result of the current
							user’s access key.</li>
						<li><uicontrol>Change password</uicontrol>: Displays a dialog to change password.</li>
						<li><uicontrol>Download new credentials</uicontrol>: Downloads the current user’s
							credential package in a zip file.</li>
					</ul></dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Quick Links</dt>
				<dd>The left side of the Dashboard screen contains the <uicontrol>Quick Links</uicontrol>
					area. This area provides links to various contents of the Dashboard. <p>The
							<uicontrol>Quick Links</uicontrol> area is organized into sections made up of two
						levels. The top level is a heading for that section. Under each heading is a second
						section that contains a list of links. Each link is a search query in the form of the
						URL. Click a link to return the associated search result. For example, <uicontrol>Your
							Keys</uicontrol> is a search query of all the access keys belonging to you.</p>
					<p>You can hide the <uicontrol>Quick Links</uicontrol> area by clicking the arrow of the
						vertical separator between <uicontrol>Quick Links</uicontrol> and the main content
						area.</p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Main Content</dt>
				<dd>The center part of the main screen displays the main content, usually the search result
					list. In many content displays, the Dashboard displays a toolbar that contains action
					buttons. The bottom of the content area provides the page navigation controls. 
					<p>The
						search result list usually has multiple columns, some of which are sortable. Click the
						title in the column to sort the column display. If the list is too long, the Dashboard
						partitions the list into multiple pages. By default, each page displays a maximum of 25
						rows, but you can configure this number.</p>. <p>When you select an item in the main
						content area, the Dashboard highlights the entire row and displays the
							<uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol> area. To select multiple items, use the
							<uicontrol>Ctrl</uicontrol> key for individual items, or the
							<uicontrol>Shift</uicontrol> key for a continuous block of items.</p>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Properties</dt>
				<dd>The <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol> area displays the detailed information about a selected search result
					item. The properties are displayed in two columns: the property name is on the left, and
					the property value is on the right. <p>Working with the <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>
						area:</p>
					<ul>
						<li>The Dashboard displays values of editable properties in a white input box. If you
							make any changes to value, the Dashboard displays the <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>
							button at the bottom. Click this button to save any changed values.</li>
						<li>Some properties are of complex types. For example, the list of member users of an
							account. In these cases, the property names are displayed in hyperlinks with a
							magnifying glass icon. These hyperlinks invoke a search query.</li>
						<li>Other properties display an "action" icon. For example,
								<uicontrol>Password</uicontrol> displays a pencil icon. Click that icon to change
							the password.</li>
						<li>The Dashboard allows you to customize the displayed information in
								<uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>. Click the plus icon to add a new property to the
							display. Click the minus icon to delete a property from the display.</li>
						<li>Click the <uicontrol>X</uicontrol> next to the <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>
							title to hide the area.</li>
					</ul>
				</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Status</dt>
				<dd>The bar at the bottom of the main screen shows system status messages, log window toggle
					button and the software version (from left to right).</dd>
			</dlentry>
			<dlentry>
				<dt>Logs</dt>
				<dd>Click the <uicontrol>LOG</uicontrol> button on the status bar to pop up the log window.
					The log window records important dashboard events, especially any operations that modify
					system states, e.g. adding a new account, etc. The log windows records the latest 1024 log
					messages.</dd>
			</dlentry>
			
		</dl>
	</conbody>
</concept>
