<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="generating_reports">
    <title>Monitor Usage</title>
    
	<taskbody id="gen_reports_db">
        <context>
        	
        	<p>Generate reports to monitor cloud resource use over a specified date range. Usage can be
        	reported for instances, storage, and Walrus.</p>
        	
        	<ul>
        		<li><b>Instances:</b> Shows a count and duration of instances running, sorted by image size, as well as I/O net and disk, during the date range specified. If desired, the report can be displayed on a per-user, per-account, per-cluster or per-availability zone basis.  Once filtered, reports can be grouped using the same criteria as filters. For example, you might display the results by user, and then group the results so that they are displayed based on accounts, e.g. each user in account A is shown followed by each user in account B, etc.</li>
        		<li><b>Storage:</b>Shows GB of storage used (max and GB-days) for volumes and snapshots during the date range specified. Display filters and grouping are the same as for instances.</li>
        		<li><b>Walrus:</b> Shows maximum buckets and objects used through Walrus during the date range specified. Display filters and grouping are available on a per-user or per-account basis.</li>
        	</ul>
       
        	<p>You can generate reports in either CSV, PDF, or HTML formats for use with external tools.</p>
        	
            <p>To generate reports:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
          <step>
          	<cmd>Log in to the Dashboard at https://&lt;CLC_hostname_or_ipaddress&gt;:8443.</cmd>
          </step>  
        	<step>
                <cmd>Click <b>Usage Report</b> in the <b>Quick Links</b> section.</cmd>
            	<stepresult>The <b>Usage Report</b> page displays.</stepresult>
            </step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>In the <b>Start date</b> field, select the date to start</cmd>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Click the <b>Generate</b> button.</cmd>
        		
        	</step>
        </steps>
    	<result>The usage report displays, reflecting your choices in the report.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
