<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="groups_partition">
  <title>groups-partition</title>

  <shortdesc></shortdesc>
  <refbody>
  	<section><p>Like accounting-groups, groups-partition specifies how to map LDAP/AD groups to
  		Eucalyptus accounts. However, in this section you to manually specify which LDAP/AD groups you want to map to Eucalyputs accounts. </p>
  		<note type="important">If you use <codeph>groups-partition</codeph>, remove the <codeph>accounting-groups</codeph> section. These two sections are mutually exclusive.</note>

  		<p>The Eucalyptus accounts are created by partitioning LDAP/AD groups. Each partition composes
  			an Eucalyptus account. So all the groups within the partition become Eucalyptus groups within that account. All the users of those groups will become Eucalyptus users within that account and the corresponding Eucalyptus groups. </p>
  		<p>This section requires that you specify one partition at a time, using a list of JSON key-value pairs. For each entry, the key is the account name to be mapped and the value is a list of names of LDAP/AD groups to be mapped into the account. For example:</p>
  	<codeblock>"groups-partition": {
          "salesmarketing": ["sales", "marketing"],
          "devsupport": ["engineering", "support"],
}
</codeblock>
  		<p>Here salesmarketing and devsupport are names for the groups partition and are used as the corresponding Eucalyptus account names.</p>
  		<note type="tip">If you use groups-partition, remove the accounting-groups section. These two sections are mutually exclusive.</note>
  	</section>
  	
  </refbody>
</reference>
