<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="group_rename">
    <title>Modify a Group</title>
    <shortdesc/>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>
					group
					<indexterm>modify</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>Modifying a group is similar to a "move" operation. Whoever wants to modify the group must
        		have permission to do it on both sides of the move. That is, you need permission to remove
        		the group from its current path or name, and put that group in the new path or name.</p>
        	
        	<p>For example, if a group changes from
        		one area in a company to another, you can change the group's path from
        		<filepath>/area_abc/</filepath> to <filepath>/area_efg/</filepath>. You need
        		permission to remove the group from <filepath>/area_abc/</filepath>. You also need
        		permission to put the group into <filepath>/area_efg/</filepath>. This means you need
        		permission to call <cmdname>UpdateGroup</cmdname> on both <filepath>arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/area_abc/*</filepath> and
        		<filepath>arn:aws:iam::123456789012:group/area_efg/*</filepath>. </p>
           
        </context>
        
    </taskbody>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="group_rename_cli">
		<title>Using the CLI</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>To modify a group using the CLI:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command to modify the group's name:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupmod -g &lt;group_name> --new-group-name &lt;new_name></codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>Eucalyptus does not return a message.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command to modify a group's path:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euare-groupmod -g &lt;group_name> -p &lt;new_path></codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepresult>Eucalyptus does not return a message.</stepresult>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="group_rename_db">
		<title>Using the Dashboard</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>To modify a group using the Dashboard:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Groups</uicontrol> in the Quick Links section.</cmd>
					<stepresult>The <uicontrol>Groups</uicontrol> page displays.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Click the <uicontrol>ID</uicontrol> of the group you want to rename.</cmd>
					<stepresult>The group's <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol> area displays.</stepresult>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field, enter the new name of the group.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>In the <uicontrol>Path</uicontrol> field, enter the new path for the group.</cmd>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<result>The new group name displays in the <uicontrol>Groups</uicontrol> page.</result>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
