<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="groups">
  <title>groups</title>
  <!--<shortdesc>Short reference description.</shortdesc>-->
  <refbody>
  	<section><p>This groups element specifies how to map LDAP/AD groups to Eucalyptus groups. It contains the elements listed in the following table. The meanings are similar to those in accounting-groups element.</p></section>
    
  	<table>
  		<tgroup cols="2">
  		<thead>
  			<row><entry>Element</entry>
  				<entry>Description</entry></row>
  		</thead>
  		<tbody>
  		<row>
  			<entry>base-dn</entry>
  			<entry>The base DN for searching groups.</entry>
  		</row>
  		<row>
  			<entry>id-attribute</entry>
  			<entry>The ID attribute name of the LDAP group.</entry>
  		</row>
  		<row>
  			<entry>member-attribute</entry>
  			<entry>The name of the attribute for group members. Usually, it is member in modern LDAP implementation, which lists full user DN.</entry>
  		</row>
  		<row>
  			<entry>selection</entry>
  			<entry>The specific LDAP/AD groups you want to map to. This contains the following elements:

  				<ul>
  					<li><varname>filter</varname>: The LDAP/AD searching filter used for the LDAP/AD search to get the relevant LDAP/AD entities, e.g. the users to be synchronized. (Example: objectClass=groupOfNames)</li>
  					<li><varname>select</varname>: The LDAP/AD searching filter used for the LDAP/AD search to get the relevant LDAP/AD entities, e.g. the users to be synchronized. (Example: objectClass=groupOfNames)</li>
  					<li><varname>not-select:</varname> Explicitly gives the full DN of entities NOT to be
  						synchronized, in case this can not be specified by the search filter. (Example: cn=groupToIgnore,ou=Groups,dc=foo,dc=com)</li>
  				</ul>
  			</entry>
  		</row></tbody></tgroup>
  	</table>

  </refbody>
</reference>
