<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="inspect_health">
    <title>Inspect System Health</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>Eucalyptus provides access to the current view of service state and the ability to
        		manipulate the state. You can inspect the service state to either ensure system health or
        		to identify faulty services. You can modify a service state to maintain activities and
        		apply external service placement policies. </p>
        </context>
        
    </taskbody>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="inspect_health_inspect">
		<title>View Service State</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>Use the <cmdname>euca-describe-services</cmdname> command to view the service state. The output indicates:</p>
				<ul>
					<li>Component type of the service</li>
					<li>Partition in which the service is registered</li>
					<li>Unique name of the service</li>
					<li>Current view of service state</li>
					<li>Last reported epoch (this can be safely ignored)</li>
					<li>Service URI</li>
					<li>Fully qualified name of the service (This is needed for manipulating services that did not get
						unique names during registration. For example: internal services like reporting or DNS)</li>
				</ul>
				<p>The default output includes the services that are registered during configuration, as well as
					information about the DNS service, if present. You can obtain additional service state information, such as 
					internal services, by providing the <codeph>-system-internal</codeph> flag.</p>

					
					<p>You can also make requests to retrieve service information that is filtered by either:</p>
				<ul>
				<li>current state (for example, <codeph>NOTREADY</codeph>)</li>
					<li>host where service is registered</li> 
					<li>partition where service is registered</li>
					<li>type of service (for example, CC or Walrus)</li>
				</ul>	
					<p>When you investigate service failures, you can specify <codeph>-events</codeph> to return a
						summary of the last fault. You can retrieve extended information (primarily useful for
						debugging) by specifying <codeph>-events -events-verbose</codeph>.</p>

				
			</context>
			
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="inspect_health_mod">
		<title>Modify Service State</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>To modify a service:</p>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-service &lt;service_name> -s &lt;new_service_state></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<example>
				<p>If, for example, you have SCs that are correctly configured and operating in HA mode.
					However, you want to shut down the primary SC for maintenance. The
					primary SC is <codeph>SC00</codeph> and the secondary SC is <codeph>SC01</codeph>.
					<codeph>SC00</codeph> is <codeph>ENABLED</codeph> and <codeph>SC01</codeph> is
					<codeph>DISABLED</codeph>.</p>
				<p>To disable <codeph>SC00</codeph> and cause <codeph>SC01</codeph> to take over, you would
				enter:</p>
				<codeblock>euca-modify-service SC00 -s DISABLED</codeblock>
				<p>To check status of services, you would enter:</p>
				<codeblock>euca-describe-services</codeblock>
				<p>When <codeph>SC01</codeph> is marked <codeph>ENABLED</codeph>, the eucalyptus-cloud process
					on the host that SC00 is running can be safely shutdown and maintenance tasks can be performed.
					When maintenance is complete, you can start the eucalyptus-cloud process on
					<codeph>SC00</codeph>. <codeph>SC00</codeph> will enter the <codeph>DISABLED</codeph> state by
					default. You can chose to let <codeph>SC00</codeph> continue to be the primary and <codeph>SC01</codeph> will be the secondary.</p>
				<p>If you want to designate <codeph>SC00</codeph> as the primary, make sure no volumes or
					snapshots are being created and that no volumes are being attached or detached, and then enter:</p>
				<codeblock>euca-modify-service SC01 -s DISABLED</codeblock>
				<p>Monitor the state of services using <codeph>euca-describe-services</codeph> until
					<codeph>SC01</codeph> is marked <codeph>DISABLED</codeph> and <codeph>SC00</codeph> is <codeph>ENABLED</codeph>.</p>
			</example>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
