<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="understanding_identities">
 <title>Access Overview</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>The Eucalyptus design of user identity and access management provides layers in the
 		hierarchical organization of user identities. This gives you refined control over resource
 		access. The core of the this design is compatible with the AWS Identity and Access Management
 		(IAM) service. There are also a few Eucalyptus-specific extensions that meet the needs of enterprise customers.</p>
 		
 		<section>
 			<title>Differences in Access from Eucalyptus 2</title>
 			<p>The concept of “user” has changed from when Amazon first introduced IAM. The original “user”
 				has become the “account,” and the new “user” is an identity within the “account”. We made a
 				similar change in the
 				current Eucalyptus implementation of an IAM-compatible identity management system. If you
 				upgrade of Eucalyptus 2 to Eucalyptus 3 is performed, the “users” in Eucalyptus 2 are converted
 				into “accounts” in Eucalyptus 3. Please refer to the Eucalyptus upgrade section in the <xref
 					href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/sites/all/files/docs/latest/ig.pdf" scope="external"
 					format="pdf">Installation Guide</xref>
 				for the details about this identity conversion process.</p>
 			<p>In Eucalyptus 2, the access management ability was limited:</p>
 				<ul>
 					<li>The admin user had full access control of the system resources.</li>
 					<li>Regular users controled resources that they created.</li>
 					<li>Certain resources could be shared among users, using mechanisms like image launch permissions and Walrus bucket ACLs.</li>
 				</ul>
 			<p>Eucalyptus 3 introduces a two-tier hierarchy of user identities based on accounts. The access control, therefore, is provided at both tiers:</p>
 			<ul>
 				<li>Eucalyptus 2 style resource sharing is still available, but now implemented at account level. </li>
 				<li>Within each account, fine-grained access control is provided by a policy that is fully compatible with IAM.</li>
 			</ul>
 		</section>
 

 </conbody>
</concept>
