<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_ej2_zsz_rl">
    <title>Image Recycling</title>
    <shortdesc>Image recycling refers to customizing and creating a new EBS-backed Eucalyptus image
        based on an existing EBS-backed Eucalyptus instances that is either running or
        stopped.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The following example shows how to recycle an image.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Log on to an existing Eucalyptus EBS-backed instance and customize the
                    instance.</cmd>
            </step>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a new image based on the image you just modified by using the
                    eucalyptus-create-image command, specifying a name, a description, and the
                    instance ID of the Eucalyptus instance you customized in the previous step. For
                    example:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeph>euca-create-image -name "mynewimage" -d "This is my new custom recycled
                        image" -i i-1ABCDEFF</codeph>
                    <p> This command will show the ID of the new machine image and exit immediately.
                        In the background, Eucalyptus will begin the process of creating a new image
                        based on the instance you supplied.</p>
                    <p>You can monitor the status of the image
                        using the euca-describe-images command, supplying the ID of the image
                        returned from the euca-create-image command. For example: </p>
                    <codeph>Specific euca-describe-images command and output goes here.</codeph>
                    <p>When the image status is listed
                        as "available" your new image will be ready for use.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Bundle and upload the image.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Specific example TBD [CAN BE ADAPTED FROM EXISTING DOCS].</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
