<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="elb_concepts">
    <title>Elastic Load Balancing Concepts</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p>This section describes the terminology and concepts you need for
            understanding and using the Elastic Load Balancing service.</p>

        <section>
            <title>DNS</title>
            <p>When a new load balancer is created, Eucalyptus will assign a
                unique DNS A record to the load balancer. After the load
                balancer has been launched and configured, the IP address of its
                interface will be added to the DNS name. If more than one
                cluster is specified, there can be more than one IP addresses
                mapped to the DNS name.</p>
            <p>The load balancers in one cluster will distribute traffic to the
                instances only in the same cluster. Application users can query
                the application service using the DNS name and the Eucalyptus
                DNS service will respond to the query with the list of IP
                addresses on a round-robin basis.</p>
            <p>Eucalyptus generates a DNS name automatically (e.g.,
                lb001.euca-cloud.example.com). Typically there will also be a
                CNAME record that maps from the meaningful domain name (e.g.,
                service.example.com) to the automatically-generated DNS name.
                The CNAME records can be serviced anywhere on Internet. </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Health Check</title>
            <p>In order to route traffic to healthy instances, and prevent
                traffic from being routed to unhealthy instances, the Elastic
                Load Balancing service routinely checks the health of your
                service instances. The health check uses metrics such as
                latency, RequestCount and HTTP response code counts to ensure
                that service instances are responding appropriately to user
                traffic.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Load Balancer</title>
            <p>Load balancers are the core of the Elastic Load Balancing
                service. Load balancers are special instances created from a
                Eucalyptus-provided VM image, and are managed by Eucalyptus.
                Instances off the image forward packets to your service
                instances using load-balancing software to ensure no instances
                are overloaded.</p>
            <p>There may be a brief delay between the time that the first
                service instance is registered to a load balancer and the time
                the load balancer becomes operational. This is due to the
                virtual machine instantiation, and will not adversely affect the
                operation of your load balancer.</p>
            <p>Each balancer VM will service only one load balancer. Launching
                unnecessary load balancers may be detrimental to your cloud's
                performance.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Service Instance</title>
            <p>A service instance is an instance created from an image in your
                cloud. These are the instances that serve your application and
                users. The Elastic Load Balancing service monitors the health of
                these instances and routes traffic only to healthy
                instances.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
