<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="elb_overview">
    <title>Elastic Load Balancing Overview</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>
        <p>Elastic Load Balancing is designed to provide an easy-to-use fault
            tolerant cloud platform. Using Elastic Load Balancing, you can
            automatically balance incoming traffic, ensuring that requests are
            sent to an instance that has the capacity to serve them. It allows
            you to add and remove instances as needed, without interrupting the
            operation of your cloud. If an instance fails or is removed, the
            load balancer stops routing traffic to that instance. If that
            instance is restored, or an instance is added, the load balancer
            automatically resumes or starts routing traffic to that
            instance.</p>
        <p>If your cloud is serving traffic over HTTP, the Elastic Load
            Balancing service can provide session stickiness, allowing you to
            bind specific virtual instances to your load balancers.</p>
        <p>Elastic Load Balancing can balance requests within a cluster, or
            across multiple clusters. If there are no more healthy instances in
            a cluster, the load balancer will route traffic to other clusters,
            until healthy instances are restored to that cluster.</p>
        <p/>
    </conbody>
</concept>
