<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="autoscaling_examples_basic_config">
    <title>Creating a Basic Elastic Load Balancing Configuration</title>
    <shortdesc>Elastic load balancing requires two basic elements to function
        properly: a load balancer and instances registered with that load
        balancer. The following examples show how to set up the basic elements
        of an elastic load balancer configuraton. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="elb_create_lb">
        <title>Create a Load Balancer </title>
        <shortdesc>The load balancer manages incoming traffic, and monitors the
            health of your instances. The load balancer ensures that traffic is
            only sent to healthy instances.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p> To create a load balancer:</p>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>If you are running your load balancer in a virtual
                            private cloud (VPC), you must specify subnets the
                            load balancer should run in (using <codeph>--subnets
                            </codeph>) and the region or user to use to connect
                            to the service. You can specify that the load
                            balancer is private to the VPC (using
                                <codeph>--scheme internal</codeph>). You can
                            also specify security groups to assign to the new
                            load balancer (using
                                <codeph>--security-groups)</codeph>.</p>
                        <p>If you are not running your load balancer in a VPC,
                            you must specify availability zones the load
                            balancer should run in (using
                                <codeph>--availability-zones </codeph>), as well
                            as the endpoint URL for the load balancing service
                            (using <codeph>--url</codeph>). </p>
                        <p>Optional arguments are marked below in italics.</p>
                        <codeblock>eulb-create-lb 
  (--subnets SUBNET1,... | --availability-zones ZONE1,...)  \ 
  (--region USER@REGION | --url URL)                        \
  --listener "lb-port=PORT, protocol={HTTP,HTTPS,SSL,TCP},  \
              instance-port=PORT, \
           <i>instance-protocol={HTTP,HTTPS,SSL,TCP}</i>, <i>cert-id=ARN</i>" \ 
  <i>--scheme internal</i>                                  \
  <i>--security-groups GROUP1,GROUP2</i>                    \
    MyLoadBalancer</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>To verify the elastic load balancer has been created,
                        enter the following command:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeph>eulb-describe-lbs MyLoadBalancer</codeph>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>You should see output similar to the following:</p>
                        <codeblock>LOAD_BALANCER	MyLoadBalancer	MyLoadBalancer-587773761872.lb.localhost	2013-01-01T01:23:45.678Z</codeblock>
                    </info>

                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>You've now created an elastic load balancer.</result>
            <postreq/>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="elb_register_instances">
        <title>Register instances with the Load Balancer</title>
        <shortdesc>The load balancer monitors the health of registered
            instances, and balances incoming traffic across the healthy
            instances.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>To register an instance with the load balancer:</context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter the following command:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>eulb-register-instances-with-lb 
  --instances INSTANCE1,INSTANCE2,...     \
 (--region USER@REGION | --url URL)       \
  --access-key-id KEY_ID --secret-key KEY \
    MyLoadBalancer</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enter the following command to verify that the
                        instances are registered with the load balancer:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeph>eulb-describe-instance-health
                            MyLoadBalancer</codeph>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>This command will return output similar to the
                            following:</p>
                        <codeblock>INSTANCE	i-6FAD3F7B	InService
INSTANCE	i-70FE4541	InService</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>Once you've created the load balancer and registered your
                instances with it, the load balancer will automatically route
                traffic from its endpoint URL to healthy instances.</result>
            <postreq/>
        </taskbody>
    </task>

</task>
