<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="metrics_ebs">
 <title>EBS Metrics and Dimensions</title>
 <shortdesc>This section describes the EBS metrics and dimensions that CloudWatch can report on.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
  	<title>Available Metrics for EBS</title>
  	<table>
  	<tgroup cols="3">
  		<thead>
  			<row>
  				<entry>Metric</entry>
  				<entry>Description</entry>
  				<entry>Unit</entry>
  			</row>
  		</thead>
  		<tbody>
  			<row>
  				<entry><codeph>VolumeReadBytes</codeph></entry>
  				<entry>The total number of bytes transferred in the period.</entry>
  				<entry>Bytes</entry>
  			</row>
  			<row>
  				<entry><codeph>VolumeWriteBytes</codeph></entry>
  				<entry>The total number of bytes transferred in the period.</entry>
  				<entry>Bytes</entry>
  			</row>
  			<row>
  				<entry><codeph>VolumeReadOps</codeph></entry>
  				<entry>The total number of operations in the period.</entry>
  				<entry>Count</entry>
  			</row>
  			<row>
  				<entry><codeph>VolumeWriteOps</codeph></entry>
  				<entry>The total number of operations in the period.</entry>
  				<entry>Count</entry>
  			</row>
  			<row>
  				<entry><codeph>VolumeTotalReadTime</codeph></entry>
  				<entry>The total number of seconds spent by all operations that completed in the period. If multiple requests are submitted at the same time, this total could be greater than the length of the period. For example, say the period is 5 minutes (300 seconds); if 700 operations completed during that period, and each operation took 1 second, the value would be 700 seconds.</entry>
  				<entry>Seconds</entry>
  			</row>
  			<row>
  				<entry><codeph>VolumeTotalWriteTime</codeph></entry>
  				<entry>The total number of seconds spent by all operations that completed in the period. If multiple requests are submitted at the same time, this total could be greater than the length of the period. For example, say the period is 5 minutes (300 seconds); if 700 operations completed during that period, and each operation took 1 second, the value would be 700 seconds.</entry>
  				<entry>Seconds</entry>
  			</row>
  			<row>
  				<entry><codeph>VolumeIdleTime</codeph></entry>
  				<entry>The total number of seconds in the period when no read or write operations were submitted.</entry>
  				<entry>Seconds</entry>
  			</row>
  			<row>
  				<entry><codeph>VolumeQueueLength</codeph></entry>
  				<entry>The number of read and write operation requests waiting to be completed in the period.</entry>
  				<entry>Count</entry>
  			</row>
  			
  		</tbody>
  	</tgroup>
  </table>
 	</section>
 	<section>
 		<title>Available Dimensions for EBS</title>
 		<p>The only dimension that EBS sends to CloudWatch is the Volume ID. This means that all available statistics are filtered by Volume ID.</p>
 	</section>
 	
 </conbody>
</concept>
