<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="metrics_as">
 <title>Auto Scaling Metrics and Dimensions</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>This section discusses the Auto Scaling metrics and dimensions available to CloudWatch.</p>
 	<section>
 		<title>Available Metrics for Auto Scaling</title>
 		<table>
 			<tgroup cols="3">
 				<thead>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Metric</entry>
 						<entry>Description</entry>
 						<entry>Unit</entry>
 					</row>
 				</thead>
 				<tbody>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>GroupMinSize</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The minimum size of the Auto Scaling group.</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>GroupMaxSize</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The maximum size of the Auto Scaling group.</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>GroupDesiredCapacity</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The number of instances that the Auto Scaling group attempts to maintain.</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>GroupInServiceInstances</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The number of instances that are running as part of the Auto Scaling group. This metric does not include instances that are pending or terminating.</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>GroupPendingInstances</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The number of instances that are pending. A pending instance is not yet in service. This metric does not include instances that are in service or terminating.</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>GroupTerminatingInstances</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The number of instances that are in the process of terminating. This metric does not include instances that are in service or pending.</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>GroupTotalInstances</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The total number of instances in the Auto Scaling group. This metric identifies the number of instances that are in service, pending, and terminating.</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 				</tbody>
 			</tgroup>
 		</table>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Available Dimensions for Auto Scaling</title>
 		<p>The only dimension that Auto Scaling sends to CloudWatch is the name of the Auto Scaling group. This means that all available statistics are filtered by Auto Scaling group name.</p>
 	</section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
