<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="metrics_elb">
 <title>ELB Metrics and Dimensions</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Concept definition.</p>
 	<section>
 		<title>Available Metrics for ELB</title>
 		<table>
 			<tgroup cols="3">
 				<thead>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Metric</entry>
 						<entry>Description</entry>
 						<entry>Unit</entry>
 					</row>
 				</thead>
 				<tbody>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>Latency</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>Time elapsed after the request leaves the load balancer until it receives the corresponding response.
 							
 							<p>Valid Statistics: <codeph>Minimum</codeph> | <codeph>Maximum</codeph> |
 								<codeph>Average</codeph> | <codeph>Count</codeph></p></entry>
 						<entry>Seconds</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>RequestCount</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The number of requests handled by the load balancer.</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>HealthyHostCount</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The number of healthy instances registered with the load balancer. Hosts that have not failed more health checks than the value of the unhealthy threshold are considered healthy. When evaluating this metric, the dimensions must be provided for LoadBalancerName and AvailabilityZone. The metric represents the count of healthy instances in the specified Availability Zone. Instances may become unhealthy due to connectivity issues, health checks returning non-200 responses (in the case of HTTP or HTTPS health checks), or timeouts when performing the health check. To get the total count of all healthy hosts, this metric must be retrieved for each registered Availability Zone and then all the metrics need to be added together.
 							<p>Valid Statistics: <codeph>Minimum</codeph> | <codeph>Maximum</codeph> | <codeph>Average</codeph> </p>
 						</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>UnHealthyHostCount</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>The number of unhealthy Amazon EC2 instances registered with the load balancer. Hosts that have failed more health checks than the value of the unhealthy threshold are considered unhealthy. When evaluating this metric, the dimensions must be provided for LoadBalancerName and AvailabilityZone. The metric represents the count of unhealthy instances. Instances may become unhealthy due to connectivity issues, health checks returning non-200 responses (in the case of HTTP or HTTPS health checks), or timeouts when performing the health check. To get the total count of all unhealthy hosts, this metric must be retrieved for each registered Availability Zone and then all the metrics need to be added together.
 						<p>Valid Statistics: <codeph>Minimum</codeph> | <codeph>Maximum</codeph> | <codeph>Average</codeph> </p></entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph>HTTPCode_ELB_4XX</codeph></entry>
 						<entry>Count of HTTP response codes generated by Elastic Load Balancing that are in the 4xx (client error) series.
 							<p>Valid Statistics: <codeph>Sum</codeph></p>
 						</entry>
 						<entry>Count</entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph></codeph></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph></codeph></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph></codeph></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph></codeph></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph></codeph></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 					</row>
 				</tbody>
 			</tgroup>
 		</table>
 	</section>
 	<section>
 		<title>Available Dimensions for ELB</title>
 		<table>
 			<tgroup cols="2">
 				<thead>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Metric</entry>
 						<entry>Description</entry>
 					</row>
 				</thead>
 				<tbody>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph></codeph></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 					</row>
 					<row>
 						<entry><codeph></codeph></entry>
 						<entry></entry>
 					</row>
 					
 				</tbody>
 			</tgroup>
 		</table>
 	</section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
