<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="metrics_publish_custom">
	<title>Publish Custom Metrics</title>
	<shortdesc>CloudWatch allows you to publish your own metrics, such as application performance,
		system health, or customer usage.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>Context for the current task</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Task step.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
	<task id="metrics_publish_custom_dpoints">
		<title>Publish a single data point</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context><p>To publish a single data point for a new or existing metric, call mon-put-data
					with one value and time stamp. For example, the following actions each publish one data
					point:</p>
				<codeblock>euwatch-put-data --metric-name PageViewCount --namespace "TestService" --value 2 --timestamp 2011-03-14T12:00:00.000Z
euwatch-put-data --metric-name PageViewCount --namespace "TestService" --value 4 --timestamp 2011-03-14T12:00:01.000Z
euwatch-put-data --metric-name PageViewCount --namespace "TestService" --value 5 --timestamp 2011-03-14T12:00:02.000Z</codeblock>
				<p>You can publish data points with time stamps as granular as one-thousandth of a second.
					However, CloudWatch aggregates the data to a minimum granularity of 60 seconds. For
					example, the <codeph>PageViewCount</codeph> metric from the previous examples contains
					three data points with time stamps just seconds apart. CloudWatch aggregates the three
					data points because they all have time stamps within a 60-second period.</p>
				<p>CloudWatch uses 60-second boundaries when aggregating data points. For example,
					CloudWatch aggregates the data points from the previous example because all three data
					points fall within the 60-second period that begins at 2011-03-14T12:00:00.000Z and ends
					at 2011-03-14T12:00:59.999Z.</p>
			</context>

		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="metrics_publish_custom_sets">
		<title>Publish statistic sets</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context><p>You can also aggregate your data before you publish to CloudWatch. When you have
					multiple data points per minute, aggregating data minimizes the number of calls to
						<apiname>euwatch-put-data</apiname>. For example, instead of calling
						<apiname>euwatch-put-data</apiname> multiple times for three data points that are within
					three seconds of each other, you can aggregate the data into a statistic set that you
					publish with one call:</p>
				<codeblock>euwatch-put-data --metric-name PageViewCount --namespace "TestService" -s "Sum=11,Minimum=2,Maximum=5,SampleCount=3" --timestamp 2011-03-14T12:00:00.000</codeblock>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="metrics_publish_custom_zero">
		<title>Publish the value zero</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context><p>When your data is more sporadic and you have periods that have no associated data,
					you can choose to publish the value zero (0) for that period or no value at all. You might
					want to publish zero instead of no value if you use periodic calls to PutMetricData to
					monitor the health of your application. For example, you can set an Amazon CloudWatch
					alarm to notify you if your application fails to publish metrics every five minutes. You
					want such an application to publish zeros for periods with no associated data.</p> You
				might also publish zeros if you want to track the total number of data points or if you want
				statistics such as minimum and average to include data points with the value 0. </context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
