<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="monitoring_disabling">
    <title>Disable Monitoring</title>
	<shortdesc>This section describes steps for disabling monitoring on your cloud resources.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>To disable monitoring on your resources, following the steps for your resource.</p>
		</context>
		
	</taskbody>
	<task id="monitoring_disabling_instance">
		<title>Disable monitoring for an instance</title>
		<taskbody>
			<steps-unordered>
				<step>
					<cmd>To disable monitoring for a running instance, enter the following command:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-unmonitor-instances [instance_id]</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				
			</steps-unordered>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="monitoring_disabling_as">
		<title>Disable monitoring for a scaling group</title>
		<taskbody>
			<steps-unordered>
				<step>
					<cmd>To enable monitoring for an existing Auto Scaling group:</cmd>
					<substeps>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Create a launch configuration with <codeph>--monitoring-disabled</codeph> option.</cmd>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Make a <apiname>euscale-update-auto-scaling-group</apiname> request to update your Auto
								Scaling group with the launch configuration you created in the previous step. Auto Scaling
								will disable monitoring for new instances that it creates.</cmd>
						</substep>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Choose one of the following actions to deal with all existing instances in the Auto Scaling group:
							</cmd>
							<info>
								<table>
									<tgroup cols="2">
										<thead>
											<row>
												<entry>To . . . </entry>
												<entry>Do this . . . </entry>
											</row>
										</thead>
										<tbody>
											<row>
												<entry>Preserve existing instances</entry>
												<entry>Make a <apiname>euca-unmonitor-instances</apiname> request for all existing
													instances to disable monitoring.</entry>
											</row>
											<row>
												<entry>Terminate existing instances</entry>
												<entry>Make a <apiname>euscale-terminate-instance-in-auto-scaling-group</apiname> request for
													all existing instances. Auto Scaling will use the updated launch configuration to
													create replacement instances with monitoring disabled.</entry>
											</row>
											
										</tbody>
									</tgroup>
								</table>
							</info>
						</substep>
						
					</substeps>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>To enable monitoring when you create a new Auto Scaling group:</cmd>
					<substeps>
						<substep>
							<cmd>Create a launch configuration with <codeph>--monitoring-disabled</codeph> option.</cmd>
						</substep>
					</substeps>
				</step>
			</steps-unordered>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="monitoring_disabling_elb">
		<title>Disable monitoring for a load balancer</title>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<p>There is no way to disable monitoring for a load balancer.</p>
			</context>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
