<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="monitor_shutdown_instance">
    <title>Shut Down an Unused Instance</title>
	<shortdesc>You can set alarms that automatically stop or terminate instances that have gone unused or underutilized for too long.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        	<p>Using Amazon CloudWatch alarm actions, you can create alarms that automatically stop or terminate your Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances when you no longer need them to be running. For example, you might have instances dedicated to batch payroll processing jobs or scientific computing tasks that run for a period of time and then complete their work. Rather than leave those instances sitting idle (and accruing charges), you can stop or terminate them which can help you to save money. The main difference between using the stop and the terminate alarm actions is that you can easily restart a stopped instance if you need to run it again later, and you can keep the same instance ID and root volume. However, you cannot restart a terminated instance. Instead, you must launch a new instance.
        		
        		You can add the stop or terminate alarm actions to any alarm that is set on an Amazon EC2 instance metric, including basic and detailed monitoring metrics provided by Amazon CloudWatch (in the AWS/EC2 namespace), as well as any custom metrics that include the “InstanceId=” dimension, as long as the InstanceId value refers to a valid running Amazon EC2 instance.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
            	<cmd>See http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/DeveloperGuide/UsingAlarmActions.html</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
