<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="monitoring_metrics">
	<title>Metrics</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <conbody>

    	<!-- Every service has metrics. You can convert every metric into an alarm. An alarm sends a
 		message and/or triggers an auto scaling event. You can create your own metrics and trigger your
 		own events. Metric: time-ordered set of data points. Dimension: unique name/value pair that
 		identifies a metric, for example, VM instanceID. Namespace: container. Statistic set: aggregate
 		of data points (as often as once per minute). -->
    	
    	<p>A metric is a time-ordered set of data points. Either you or Eucalytpus publish metric data
    		points to CloudWatch. You then retrieve statistics about those data points as an ordered set of time-series data.</p>
    	
    	<p>Think of a metric as a variable that you want to monitor. The data points represent the values of that variable over time. For example, the CPU usage of a particular Amazon EC2 instance is one metric, and the latency of an elastic load balancer is another.</p>
    	
    	<p>The data points themselves can come from any application or business activity from which you collect data, not just Amazon Web Services products and applications. For example, a metric might be the CPU usage of a particular Amazon EC2 instance or the temperature in a refrigeration facility.</p>
    	
    	<p>Metrics are uniquely defined by a name, a namespace, and one or more dimensions. Each data point has a time stamp, and (optionally) a unit of measure. When you request statistics, the returned data stream is identified by namespace, metric name, dimension, and (optionally) the unit.</p>
    	
    	<p>You can use the PutMetricData API (or the mon-put-data command) to create a custom metric and publish data points for it. You can add the data points in any order, and at any rate you choose. Amazon CloudWatch aggregates data points that are fully identical (duplicate values, time stamps, and units) when you request statistics on them.</p>
    	
    	<p>CloudWatch stores your metric data for two weeks. You can publish metric data from multiple sources, such as incoming network traffic from dozens of different Amazon EC2 instances, or requested page views from several different web applications. You can request statistics on metric data points that occur within a specified time window.</p>
    	
    	
    </conbody>
</concept>
