<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="monitoring_alarms_tasks">
 <title>Create Alarms</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>An alarm watches a single metric for a time period you specify. It performs one or more actions
 		based on the value of the metric relative to a given threshold over a number of time periods. The
 		action is a notification sent to an Auto Scaling policy.</p>
 	<p>Alarms invoke actions for sustained state changes only. CloudWatch alarms will not invoke
 		actions just because they are in a particular state. The state must have changed and been
 		maintained for a specified number of periods.</p>
 		
 		<p>After an alarm invokes an action due to a change in state, its subsequent behavior depends on
 			the type of action that you have associated with the alarm. For Auto Scaling policy notifications, the alarm continues to invoke the action for every period that the alarm remains in the new state. <!--For Amazon SNS notifications, no additional actions are invoked.--></p>
 		
 		<p>An alarm has three possible states:</p>
 		<ul>
 		<li><codeph>OK</codeph>: The metric is within the defined threshold.</li>
 		
 		<li><codeph>ALARM</codeph>: The metric is outside of the defined threshold.</li>
 		
 		<li><codeph>INSUFFICIENT_DATA</codeph>: The alarm has just started, the metric is not available,
 			or not enough data is available for the metric to determine the alarm state.</li>
 		</ul>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Common Features of Alarms</title>
 		<ul>
 			<li>You can create up to 5000 alarms per Eucalyptus account. To create or update an alarm, use the
 				<apiname>euwatch-put-metric-alarm</apiname> command.</li>
 			
 			<li>You can list any or all of the currently configured alarms, and list any alarms in a
 				particular state using the <apiname>euwatch-describe-alarms</apiname> command. You can further filter the list by time range.</li>
 			
 			<li>You can disable and enable alarms by using the <apiname>euwatch-disable-alarm-actions</apiname> and <apiname>euwatch-enable-alarm-actions</apiname> commands</li>
 			
 			<li>You can test an alarm by setting it to any state using the <apiname>euwatch-set-alarm-state</apiname> command. This temporary state change lasts only until the next alarm comparison occurs.</li>
 			
 			<li>Finally, you can view an alarm's history using the <apiname>euwatch-describe-alarm-history</apiname> command. CloudWatch preserves alarm history for two weeks. Each state transition is marked with a unique time stamp. In rare cases, your history might show more than one notification for a state change. The time stamp enables you to confirm unique state changes.</li>
 		</ul>
 	</section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
