<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="resource_filtering">
 <title>Filtering</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>You can search and filter resources based on the tags you use. For example, you can list a
   Eucalyptus Machine Image (EMI) using <apiname>euca-describe-images</apiname>, and you can list
   instances using <apiname>euca-describe-instances</apiname>.</p>
  
  <section>
   <title>Filtering Overview</title>
   <p>Results from describe commands can be long. Use a filter to include only the resources that
    match certain criteria. For example, you can filter so that a returned list shows only the 64-bit Windows EMIs that use
    an EBS volume as the root device volumes.</p>
    
    <p>Filtering also allows you to:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>Specify multiple filter values: For example, you can list all the instances whose type is
     either m1.small or m1.large.</li>
    <li>Specify multiple filters: for example, you can list all the instances whose type is either m1.small or m1.large, and that have an attached EBS volume that is set to delete when the instance terminates.</li>
    <li>Use wildcards with values: For example, you can use *production* as a filter value to get
     all EBS snapshots that include production in the description.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>In each case, the instance must match all your filters to be included in the results. Filter values are case sensitive. We support only exact string matching, or substring matching (with wildcards).</p>
    
   
  </section>
  
 </conbody>
</concept>
