<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="tagging_resources">
 <title>Tagging Resources</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>To help you manage your cloud's instances, images, and other Eucalyptus resources, you can
   assign your own metadata to each resource in the form of tags. You can use tags to create
   user-friendly names, make resource searching easier, and improve coordination between multiple
   users. This section describes tags and how to create them.</p>
  <section>
   <title>Tagging Overview</title>
   <p>A tag consists of a key and a value. You define both the key and the value for
    each tag. For example, you can
    define a tag for your instances that helps you track each instance's owner and stack level.</p>
    
    <!--The following diagram illustrates the tag concept. In this example, you've assigned two tags to each of your instances, one called Owner and another called Stack. Each of the tags also has an associated value.-->
   
   <p>Tags let you categorize your cloud resources in various ways. For example, you can tag
    resources based on their purpose, their owner, or their environment. We recommend that you
    devise a set of tag keys that meets your needs for each resource type. Using a consistent set of
    tag keys makes it easier for you to manage your resources. You can search and filter the
    resources based on the tags you add. For more information about filtering, see <xref
     href="resource_filtering.dita"/>.</p>
    
    <p>Eucalyptus doesn't apply any semantic meaning to your tags. Instead, Eucalyptus interprets
     your tags simply as strings of characters. Eucalyptus doesn't automatically assign any tags on
     resources.</p>
    
   <!-- Note
    
    You must not prefix your tag names or values with aws:. Tag names and values prefixed with aws: have been created by AWS and cannot be edited or deleted.-->
    
    <p>You can only assign tags to resources that already exist. However, if you use the Eucalyptus User
    	Console, you can add tags when you launch an instance. If you add a tag that has the same key as an existing tag on that resource, the new value overwrites the old value. You can edit tag keys and values, and you can remove tags from a resource at any time. You can set a tag's value to the empty string, but you can't set a tag's value to null.</p>
    
    <!--If you're using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), you can control which Users in your AWS Account have permission to create, edit, or delete tags. For more information about IAM, see AWS Identity and Access Management.-->
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Tagging Restrictions</title>
   <p>The following restrictions apply to tags:</p>
   <table>
    <tgroup cols="2">
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Restriction</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Maximum number of tags per resource</entry>
       <entry>10</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Maximum key length</entry>
       <entry>128 Unicode characters</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Maximum value length</entry>
       <entry>256 Unicode characters</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Unavailable prefixes</entry>
       <entry>You can't use either <codeph>euca:</codeph> or <codeph>aws:</codeph> as a prefix to
        either a tag name or value. These are reserved by Eucalyptus.</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Case sensitivity</entry>
       <entry>Tag keys and values are case sensitive.</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
 
    
    <p>You can't terminate, stop, or delete a resource based solely on its tags. You must specify
    	the resource identifier. For example, to delete snapshots that you tagged with a tag key called
    	<codeph>temporary</codeph>, you must first get a list of those snapshots using
    	<apiname>euca-describe-snapshots</apiname> with a filter that specifies the tag. Then you use
    	<apiname>euca-delete-snapshots</apiname> with the IDs of the snapshots (for example,
    	snap-1a2b3c4d). You can't call <apiname>euca-delete-snapshots</apiname> with a filter that
    	specified the tag. For more information about using filters when listing your resources, see
    	<xref href="resource_filtering.dita"/>.</p>
    
   
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Available Resources</title>
   <p>You can tag the following cloud resources:</p>
    <ul>
     <li>Images (EMIs, kernels, RAM disks)</li>
     <li>Instances</li>
    <li>Volumes</li>
    <li>Snapshots</li>
    <li>Security Groups</li>
    </ul>
   <p>You can't tag the following cloud resources:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>Elastic IP addresses</li>
    <li>Key pairs</li>
    <li>Placement groups</li>
   </ul>
   <p>You can tag public or shared resources, but the tags you assign are available only to your account and not to the other accounts sharing the resource.</p>
   
  </section>
  
  <section>
   <title></title>
   
  </section>
    
 
 </conbody>
</concept>
