<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="understanding_storage">
 <title>EBS Overview</title>
 <shortdesc/>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus Elastic Block Storage (EBS) provides block-level storage volumes that you can attach
      to instances running in your Eucalyptus cloud.  An EBS volume looks like any other block-level
      storage device when attached to a running Eucalyptus instance, and may be formatted with an
      appropriate file system and used as you would a regular storage device. Any changes that you
      make to an attached EBS volume will persist after the instance is terminated. </p>
    <p>You can create an EBS volume by using the Eucalyptus command line tools or by using the
      Eucalyptus user console and specifying the desired size (up to 10GB) and availability zone.
      Once you've created an EBS volume, you can attach it to any instance running in the same
      availability zone. An EBS volume can only be attached to one running instance at a time, but
      you can attach multiple EBS volumes to a running instance.</p>
    <p>You can create a backup - called a <i>snapshot</i> - of any Eucalyptus EBS volume.  You can
      create a snapshot using the command-line tools or the Eucalyptus user console and simply
      specifying the volume from which you want to create the snapshot, along with a description of
      the snapshot. Snapshots can be used to create new volumes.</p>


 </conbody>
</concept>
