<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept outputclass="docs one-sidebar sidebar-first" id="using_storage">
 <title>Using Storage</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<p>durable, block-level storage volume that you can attach to a single Amazon EC2 running instance. Amazon EBS volumes behave like raw, unformatted, external block devices you can attach. They persist independently from the running life of an Amazon EC2 instance. After an Amazon EBS volume is attached to an instance, you can use it like any other physical hard drive.</p>
 	<p>Everytime you launch an instance from an AMI, a root storage device is created for that instance. The root storage device is created either from a template stored in Amazon S3 or from an Amazon EBS snapshot and contains all the information necessary to boot the instance. The template on Amazon S3 is copied onto the instance store when the instance is launched. All Amazon AMIs are categorized as either backed by Amazon EC2 instance store or backed by Amazon EBS, depending on where the root device information is stored. There are significant differences between the instances launched from these two types of AMIs. These differences determine the design and the architecture of your applications. For more information, see Root Device Storage.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
