<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_3.2.1">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The following known issues exist in Eucalyptus 3.2.1 and its dependencies. Please contact
			Eucalyptus support for known workarounds to these issues. You can use the support portal
				<xref href="https://engage.eucalyptus.com" scope="external" format="html"
				>https://engage.eucalyptus.com</xref> or email us directly at <xref
				href="mailto:support@eucalyptus.com" scope="external" format="email"
				>support@eucalyptus.com</xref>.</p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>VMware Broker requires <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user to have write
							access to the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus</filepath> directory (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/BROKER-9"
								>BROKER-9</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user does not have write access to
							the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus</filepath> directory, the VMware Broker
							will stay in a <codeph>BROKEN</codeph> state, and
								<codeph>euca-configure-vmware</codeph> will fail. Run <codeph>chown
								-R eucalyptus:eucalyptus /etc/eucalyptus/</codeph> on the VMware
							Broker machine to ensure that the <codeph>eucalyptus</codeph> user owns
							the necessary files.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Raw data reported by VMware Broker does not include meaningful volume
							names (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/BROKER-22"
								>BROKER-22</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Data reported in the console displays meaningful volume names. Data
							exported in raw format labels each volume or ephemeral storage unit as
								<codeph>scisi0:[N]</codeph>, and must be translated into meaningful
							names by another reporting framework.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Must use user-friendly names for mulitpathing (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-504"
								>DOC-504</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus connect scripts assume multipathing uses user friendly
							names instead of WWID for the multipath device names, so the
							"user_friendly_names" option must be enabled in /etc/multipath.conf.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Reporting values seem to be in error at first (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-707"
								>DOC-707</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Network traffic numbers in columns <uicontrol>Total</uicontrol> and
								<uicontrol>External</uicontrol> might appear to be incorrect. The
							external numbers can be greater than total numbers. This is because the
							two types of measurements come from different hosts (external is from
							the CC and totals from the NC). These hosts sample and deliver numbers
							to the reporting subsystem at different times. If the report is
							requested after the external counter is updated but before the total
							counter is updated, the numbers could appear out of their natural order.
							In a stable state without network traffic, the numbers will become
							correct eventually, usually within a few minutes, depending on the
							polling frequency value specified in the
								<codeph>reporting.default_poll_interval_mins</codeph> and
								<codeph>reporting.default_write_interval_mins</codeph> parameters.
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row id="ki_ebs_321">
						<entry>Problem using EMC, EBS, and multiple NCs in 3.2.1 (<xref
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4872"
								scope="external" format="html">EUCA-4872</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When using EMC and multiple NCs within a cluster, connections to the
							EBS-backed volume are lost if a second volume is attached to any
							instance on the NC hosting the EBS instance. The result is the EBS
							instance will eventually fail to operate.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Race condition can cause secondary Walrus to appear ENABLED to the
							secondary CLC in HA setup (<xref
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4846"
								format="html" scope="external">EUCA-4846</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>After repeated state canges of various components in a HA setup, the
							secondary Walrus may not be visible to the primary CLC. Running
								<codeph>euca-modify-service -s DISABLED WS-[N]</codeph> will resolve
							this issue.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><codeph>walrus.storagemaxtotalsnapshotsizeingb</codeph> is not
							honored (<xref href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4838"
								format="html" scope="external">EUCA-4838</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>As of Eucalyptus 3.2.1, the maximum storage used for snapshots, as
							set in <codeph>walrus.storagemaxtotalsnapshotsizeingb</codeph>, is not
							honored. You should use your existing infrastructure monitoring to
							ensure that snapshot storage does not exceed an appropriate level for
							your system. It is recommended that you monitor the total snapshot size
							and the number of snapshots.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Default cloud properties must have a value (<xref
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4750"
								format="html" scope="external">EUCA-4750</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If any of the cloud properties are set with no value, you might
							experience issues with the output of the
								<apiname>euca-describe-properties</apiname> command.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Some components are initialized rather than disabled after an
							unexpected reboot (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4354"
								>EUCA-4354</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This only occurs when CLC, Walrus, and SC are located on the same
							machine in an HA setting. In an unexpected reboot within that setting,
							when the redundant components switch roles, some secondary components
							can become initialized rather than disabled. For a workaround, restart
							the initialized components. We strongly recommend that you use one
							machine for each Eucalyptus component in HA mode.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console requires upload of private key to access a Windows
							instance password (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4293"
								>EUCA-4293</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Passwords for Windows instances are encrypted for a specified key
							pair. The user console requires that you upload the appropriate private
							key to access an instance password. <b>We strongly recommend against
								using this feature without HTTPS!</b> To access the instance
							password without uploading your private key, use
								<codeph>euca-get-password [instance id] -k [keyfile]</codeph> on the
							command line.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console cannot generate new Windows password on restarting a
							stopped instance (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4291"
								>EUCA-4291</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The user console continues to display an old password after a Windows
							instance is stopped and restarted. You must log out of the user console,
							log in again, and then generate a password, in order to log in to a
							Windows instance that has been stopped and restarted.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>BFEBS fails in some cases when running new instances, with error
								<codeph>RollbackException: Error while committing the
								transaction</codeph> (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4271"
								>EUCA-4271</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If a new instance is constructed in a group concurrently with network
							resources being freed in that group, a <codeph>RollbackException: Error
								while committing the transaction</codeph> error is thrown. This also
							results in an orphaned volume that cannot be deleted until the VM
							metadata has timed out and the volume is recognised as unused. Running
							the new instance a second time should succeed. </entry>
					</row>

					<!--<row>
						<entry>RollbackException error while committing
							transaction failure when attempting to run a BFEBS
							instance(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4271"
								>EUCA-4271</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In some cases, network resources (primarily vlan
							tags for the network group) are freed concurrently
							while a new instance is being constructed in that
							same group. If the network group is seen to have no
							more instances, then the CC can timeout the vlan tag
							and then inform the CLC, which frees the vlan tag
							resource. If there is a concurrent instance being
							constructed, however, an attempt may be made to use
							that vlan tag, and upon volume attach the database
							update fails because the vlan/network tag record
							doesn't exist. When this happens, the instance will
							stay in a 'pending' state with an IP address of
							0.0.0.0 for a very long time. There is no long-term
							negative effect of this condition. To resolve this
							issue, you should proceed with terminating the
							instance, deleting its resulting volume if
							necessary, and then re-running the instance.
						</entry>
					</row>-->

					<!--<row>
						<entry><codeph>euca-reboot-instances</codeph> only
							reboots one instance, even if multiple instances are
							specified (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4268"
								>EUCA-4268</xref>)</entry>
						<entry><codeph>euca-reboot-instances</codeph> reboots
							the first instance specified. To reboot multiple
							instances, run
								<codeph>euca-reboot-instances</codeph> once per
							instance.</entry>
					</row>-->
					<row>
						<entry>Changing LOCALE does not change the language of the fault message in
							fault logs (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4233"
								>EUCA-4233</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Changing the system LOCALE does not change the language of the fault
							message logged in <filepath>[component]-fault.log</filepath>. Create
							customized fault messages in the
								<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/faults/en_US</filepath> directory if you
							do not wish to use the provided messages.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>User console hangs when launching an instance with large user data
							file (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4223"
								>EUCA-4223</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Launching an instance through the console may hang if the user data
							file is too big. Launch instances on the command line if the user data
							file is larger than 16KB.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>A snapshot registered as an image must be deregistered twice to be
							fully removed (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4207"
								>EUCA-4207</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Running <codeph>deregister-image</codeph> does not initially delete
							the image record for a snapshot that was registered as an image. You
							must run <codeph>deregister-image</codeph> twice to ensure the image is
							deleted.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>CC image caching does not work with some symlinks (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4181"
								>EUCA-4181</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If <codeph>CC_IMAGE_PROXY_PATH</codeph> in
								<codeph>eucalyptus.conf</codeph> is set to a symlink, CC image
							caching may not work. Ensure the symlink is placed in a path that is
							readable by the 'eucalyptus' user.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>DBResourceCheck exceptions logged at <codeph>ERROR</codeph> log level
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4177"
								>EUCA-4177</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The DBResourceCheck class frequently polls to determine the number of
							active database connections for a given alias. This can result in a
							DBResourceCheck exception. This exception is expected, and is not
							fatal.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The reporting feature in the Eucalyptus Administrator Console show no
							metrics. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4168"
								>EUCA-4168</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This occurs only if you run a report that includes the current date.
							The metrics that show no data are: <uicontrol>CpuUsage%</uicontrol>,
								<uicontrol>Net Total In/Out</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disk
								R/W</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Disk IOPS R/W</uicontrol>, and
								<uicontrol>DiskTime</uicontrol>. For a workaround, use the CLI
							command, <apiname>eureport-generate-report</apiname>, to run reports
							from the Cloud Controller for a time period that includes the current
							date. You can also use the Eucalyptus Administrator Console and move the
							end date up the previous day.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The <codeph>euca-describe-bundle-tasks</codeph> command does not keep
							task status after task completes (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4140"
								>EUCA-4140</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When bundling a Windows instance, the task is removed from the task
							list as soon as the bundle completes, so euca-describe-bundle-tasks
							never shows a 'complete' status.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Eucalyptus Console https redirect doesn't work (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4104"
								>EUCA-4104</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When SSL is enabled for the user console, http requests do not
							automatically redirect to the proper https address, which can result in
							a blank page.</entry>
					</row>

					<!--<row>
						<entry>Attempts to create an instance from an uncached
							image stay pending indefinitely (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4112"
								>EUCA-4112</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the cluster controller image cache is set to
							zero, attempts to create an instance from an
							uncached image will remain pending indefinitely. To
							prevent images being cached, remove the
								<codeph>CC_IMAGE_PROXY</codeph> line from
								<filepath>eucalyptus.conf</filepath>.</entry>
					</row>-->
					<row>
						<entry>[error:0290] message printed on upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4027"
								>EUCA-4027</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The Eucalyptus upgrade process requires a large number of file
							descriptors, and an error may occur if <codeph>ulimit</codeph> is not
							set to an appropriate value. To avoid this error, set <codeph>ulimit -n
								5000</codeph> before upgrading Eucalyptus. This error is not an
							indication of a failed upgrade.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Unable to start stopped instances after upgrade (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-4026"
								>EUCA-4026</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Eucalyptus 3.2 manages ISCSI targets in a different way to previous
							versions. The first attempt to start any stopped instances relying on
								<codeph>iscsiadm</codeph> will fail, but the issue is resolved
							during cleanup so subsequent requests for that instance will
							work.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ERR-1009 "Mismatched cryptographical keys" gets written too many
							times in cc-fault.log (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3986"
								>EUCA-3986</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Currently, CC may log this fault once for each process in the pool.
							This is because the logic that suppresses duplicate faults relies on
							process-local memory rather than memory regions shared across CC
							processes.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Vague error message: <codeph>Failed to find corresponding class
								mapping for element: RegisterVMwareBroker in namespace</codeph>.
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3808"
								>EUCA-3808</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If you get this error message, you need to install the
								<codeph>eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs</codeph> on the
							CLC. Run <codeph>yum install
								eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs</codeph> on each CLC in
							your cloud.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Capacity report shows unordered list of VM types (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3707"
								>EUCA-3707</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When running a capacity report, the VM types are not ordered from
							smallest to largest instance type when displayed at the cloud or AZ
							property level.</entry>
					</row>
					<!--these are issues carried over...discuss-->
					<row>
						<entry>Quota limiting run instances against availabilityzone resource does
							not work (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3614"
								>EUCA-3614</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>A policy which limits the number of instances which can be run within
							an availability zone has no effect.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>IP pages do not work properly for admin user in Eucalyptus User
							Console (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3548"
								>EUCA-3548</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>All user IP addresses are shown, rather than just the admin user's IP
							addresses.</entry>
					</row>


					<row>
						<entry>euca-describe-nodes does not return consistent results (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3456"
								>EUCA-3456</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The output of euca-describe-nodes is not consistent.</entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry>ENABLED CC have two NAT rules about 169.254.169.254 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3440"
								>EUCA-3440</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In HA Mode, ENABLED CC can get into a state where it reports both
							ENABLED and DISABLED CLC in iptables for the metadata service.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euca-start-instances does not return correct information (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3311"
								>EUCA-3311</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>euca-start-instances only returns the instance identifier and does
							not return the previous or the current state of the instance.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Walrus does not failover in HA if eucalyptus-cloud process is
							forcibly killed on primary (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-3202"
								>EUCA-3202</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If the eucalyptus-cloud process is forcibly terminated (kill -9) on
							the primary Walrus, failover to the secondary Walrus is not
							automatically triggered.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euca-create-image from ebs backed instance fails, returns 0 (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-1333"
								>EUCA-1333</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>euca-create-image is currently unsupported.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Command to reset default values for Netapp storage properties doesn't
							work (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/SAN-57"
							>SAN-57</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The -r option for reseting Eucalyptus properties using the
								<apiname>euca-modify-property</apiname> does not reset the new
							Netapp storage properties to a default value.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Property conflicts during volume creation cause creation to fail on
							cloud but the volume still created on Netapp (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/SAN-58"
							>SAN-58</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>This is not a problem if you use the defaults set by Eucalyptus. However, if
							you change these defaults, we recommend that you confirm that any
							volumes that failed to create during this configuration phase do not
							exist on the SAN. </entry>
					</row>

				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
