<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_rsv_5yl_vf">
 <title>User Password and Credentials - Command-Line</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>User login, password, access keys, and certificates can be created from the command line.</p>
  <p>The <cmdname>euare-useraddloginprofile</cmdname> is used to create a login password for a user
   account.  It has the following
   syntax:<codeblock>euare-useraddloginprofile –u user_name    \
     –p password &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;  </codeblock></p>
  <p>This command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
        <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the <i>eucalyptus</i> account (a cloud
      administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, the password would be created for the user
      in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option.</p>
  <p>The <cmdname>euare-useraddkey</cmdname> is used to create access keys for a user account. It
   has the following
   syntax:<codeblock>euare-useraddkey –u user_name &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;  </codeblock></p>
  <p>This command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
        <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the <i>eucalyptus</i> account (a cloud
      administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, the access keys would be created for the
      user in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option.</p>
  <p><note>The <cmdname>–k</cmdname> option can be added to the <cmdname>euare-usercreate</cmdname>
        command to generate access keys for the user at the time the account is created.</note> The
        <cmdname>euare-usercreatecert</cmdname> is used to create a certificate for a user.  It has
      the following
      syntax:<codeblock>euare-usercreatecert –u user_name &lt;--delegate=account_name&gt;</codeblock></p>
  <p>This command can be run by the administrator of the account, or if using the
        <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option, by a user in the <i>eucalyptus</i> account (a cloud
      administrator).   If run by a cloud administrator, the certificate would be created for the
      user in the account listed in the <cmdname>--delegate</cmdname> option.</p>
  <p>There are other commands to list, modify, and delete a user login password, access keys, and
      certificate.   They include:<ul id="ul_wyg_pzl_vf">
        <li><cmdname>euare-usergetloginprofile</cmdname>, </li>
        <li><cmdname>euare-usermodloginprofile</cmdname>, </li>
        <li><cmdname>euare-userdelloginprofile</cmdname>, </li>
        <li><cmdname>euare-userlistkeys</cmdname>, </li>
        <li><cmdname>euare-usermodkey</cmdname>, </li>
        <li><cmdname>euare-userdelkey</cmdname>, </li>
        <li><cmdname>euare-userlistcerts</cmdname>, </li>
        <li><cmdname>euare-usermodcert</cmdname>, and </li>
        <li><cmdname>euare-userdelcert</cmdname>.  </li>
      </ul></p>
  <p>See the Web-based Eucalyptus documentation or online command help pages for more
   information.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
