<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_nx2_q1z_1h">
 <title>Windows Instance Support</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Eucalyptus supports several different Windows operating system versions running as instances.
   Normal Windows licensing policies still apply. The Windows operating systems supported
    include:<ul id="ul_pcl_dbz_1h">
    <li> Windows Server 2003 R2 Enterprise (32/64-bit) </li>
    <li> Windows Server 2008 SP2 Datacenter (32/64-bit) </li>
    <li> Windows Server 2008 R2 Datacenter (32/64-bit) </li>
    <li> Windows 7 Professional (32/64-bit) </li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>A VNC client is required during initial installation of the operating system but once Windows
   is fully installed, Remote Desktop Protocol can be used to connect to the Windows desktop. The
   VNC client is unnecessary if theWindow installation is configured as an unattended installation.
   As an example of one way to set up a Windows 7 unattended installation, see  <xref
    href="http://www.intowindows.com/how-to-create-unattended-windows-7-installation-setup"
    format="html" scope="external"
    >http://www.intowindows.com/how-to-create-unattended-windows-7-installation-setup</xref>.</p>
  <p>All Windows images should be created on the hypervisor that runs on the Node Controllers. 
   Eucalyptus does not support running a Windows image across multiple hypervisors. The Eucalyptus
   Windows Integration software, installed in the Windows EMI, has a utility that adds permissions
   to users or groups that allows them to use RDP to access the Windows desktop.  By default, only
   the Administrator can do this. The Eucalyptus Windows Integration software also installs the
   Virtio device drivers for disk and network into the EMI so that it can run on a host configured
   with a KVM hypervisor.  For more information about how to create a Windows image and install the
   Eucalyptus Windows Integraion software, see the <i>Eucalyptus User Guide</i> at <xref
    href="http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs" format="html" scope="external"
    >http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs</xref>.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
