<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_g2d_qtw_3f">
 <title>Start an Instance - Euca2ools</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>To start an instance using euca2ools, run the following
            command:<codeblock>euca-run-instances -k &lt;keypair_name> --kernel eki-&lt;nnnnnnnn> /
--ramdisk eri-&lt;nnnnnnnn> emi-&lt;nnnnnnnn></codeblock></p>
  <p>This command starts the instance in their account's <i>default</i> security group. The user's
            public key specified by <cmdname>-k &lt;keypair_name></cmdname> is inserted into the
            running instance for authentication purposes. The EMI will be launched with the specific
            kernel and ramdisk images specified on the command line.  This will override any other
            default kernel or ramdisk images that might apply.</p>
  <p>To specify a security group other than the account's <i>default</i>, add the <cmdname>-g
                &lt;group_name></cmdname> option to the command. </p>
  <p>To start an instance in a specific availability zone (cluster), add the <cmdname>-z
                &lt;cluster_name></cmdname> option to the command.</p>
    <p>To start multiple instances, add <cmdname>-n &lt;count></cmdname> to the command.</p>
  <p>To start an instance with only a private IP address, add the <cmdname>--addressing
                private</cmdname> option to the command. Without this option, instances running in a
            cloud in MANAGED or MANAGED-NOVLAN modes will receive both a private and public IP
            address, assuming that there are available public IP addresses remaining in the
            pool.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
