<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_storage_controller_ha" props="subscribe">
	<title>Configure the Storage Controller</title>
	<shortdesc>Eucalyptus offers SAN support for Eucalyptus block storage (EBS). Eucalyptus directs
		the Storage Controller (SC) to manage any supported SAN devices.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/tech_preview"/>
			<p>Eucalyptus automatically creates and tears down volumes, snapshots, and data connections
				from guest instances. The administrator does not need to pre-allocate volumes or LUNs for
				Eucalyptus.</p>
			<p>Eucalyptus currently offers several backend providers for the SC:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>Overlay</li>
				<li>DAS</li>
				<li>Equallogic</li>
				<li>Netapp</li>
			</ul>
			<p>The SC must be configured explicitly upon registration. This is a change from previous
				versions (pre-3.2) of Eucalyptus, which would configure themselves to a default
				configuration using a tgtd-based filesystem-backed storage controller to provide volumes and
				snapshots directly from the SC. As of version 3.2, SCs automatically go to the BROKEN state
				after being registered with the CLC and will remain in that state until the administrator
				explicitly configures the SC by telling it which backend storage provider to use.</p>
			<p>You can check the state of a storage controller by running
				<codeblock>euca-describe-services -E</codeblock> and note the state and status message of
				the SC(s). The output for an unconfigured SC will look like:</p>
			<p>
				<codeblock>SERVICE	storage        	PARTI00        	SC71           	BROKEN    	37  	http://192.168.51.71:8773/services/Storage	arn:euca:eucalyptus:PARTI00:storage:SC71/
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	arn:euca:eucalyptus:PARTI00:storage:SC71/
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	ERROR
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	Sun Nov 18 22:11:13 PST 2012
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	SC blockstorageamanger not configured. Found empty or unset manager(unset). Legal values are: das,overlay</codeblock></p>
			<p>Note the error above: <codeph>SC blockstoragemanager not configured. Found empty or unset
					manager(unset). Legal values are: das,overlay</codeph>.</p>
			<p>This indicates that the SC is not yet configured. It can be configured by setting the
					<codeph>[partition].storage.blockstoragemanager</codeph> property to either 'das' or
				'overlay'.</p>
			<p>If you have installed the Eucalyptus Enterprise packages for your SAN, you will also see
				additional options in the output line above, and can set the block storage manager to
				'netapp', or 'equallogic' as appropriate.</p>
			<p>You can verify that the SC blockstoragemanager is unset using:
				<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
			</p>
			<p>To configure SAN support, follow the steps for your desired backend storage device: <xref
					href="#enabling_overlay_ha">Open-Source ISCSI Filesystem-backed</xref>, <xref
					href="#enabling_san_dell_ha">Dell Equallogic</xref>, <xref href="#enabling_san_jbod_ha"
						>JBOD</xref>, or <xref href="#enabling_san_netapp_ha">Netapp</xref>.</p>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<task id="enabling_overlay_ha">
		<title>Configuring the SC to use the local filesystem (Overlay)</title>
		<shortdesc>This was the default configuration option for the SC in pre-3.2 Eucalyptus. In this
			configuration the SC itself hosts the volume and snapshots for EBS and stores them as files on
			the local filesystem. It uses standard linux iSCSI tools to serve the volumes to instances
			running on NCs.</shortdesc>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Configure the SC to use the OverlayManager for storage.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=overlay</codeblock>
						The output of the command should be similar to:
						<codeblock>PROPERTY	PARTI00.storage.blockstoragemanager	overlay was &lt;unset></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'overlay'</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="enabling_san_dell_ha">
		<title>Enable Dell Equallogic SANs</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Configure the SC to use the EquallogicManager for storage.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=equallogic</codeblock>
						The output of the command should be similar to:
						<codeblock>PROPERTY	PARTI00.storage.blockstoragemanager	equallogic was &lt;unset></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the propery value is now: 'equallogic'</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
					<cmd/>
				</step>
				<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/enable_san_ha">
					<cmd/>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<result>Your Equallogic SAN is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
		</taskbody>
	</task>

	<task id="enabling_san_jbod_ha" product="jbod">
		<title>Enable Direct Attached Storage (JBOD) SANs</title>
		<shortdesc/>
		<taskbody>
			<context>
				<note type="important">Direct Attached Storage still requires that <filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes</filepath> has
					enough space for locally cached snapshots.</note>
			</context>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Configure the SC to use the (Direct Attached Storage) DASManager for storage.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=das</codeblock>
						The output of the command should be similar to:
						<codeblock>PROPERTY	PARTI00.storage.blockstoragemanager	das was &lt;unset></codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Verify that the propery value is now: 'das'</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
					<cmd/>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>On the primary CLC, set the DAS device name property. The device name can be either a
						raw device (/dev/sdX, for example), or the name of an existing Linux LVM volume
						group.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;cluster name&gt;.storage.dasdevice=&lt;device name&gt;</codeblock>
					</info>
					<stepxmp>
						<p>For example:</p>
						<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p cluster0.storage.dasdevice=/dev/sdb</codeblock>
					</stepxmp>
				</step>
			</steps>
			<result>Your SAN is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
		</taskbody>
	</task>


	<task id="enabling_san_netapp_overview_ha">
		<title>Enable NetApp SANs</title>
		<shortdesc>Eucalyptus supports both NetApp Clustered ONTAP and traditional 7-mode SANs. NetApp
			Vservers and 7-mode Filers (FAS 2000 and FAS 600 series) are managed by Eucalyptus using
			NetApp Manageability Software Development Kit (NMSDK) and Data ONTAP APIs. This section covers
			enabling both NetApp Clustered ONTAP and traditional 7-mode SANs.</shortdesc>
		<task id="enabling_san_netapp_ha">
			<title>Enable NetApp 7-mode SANs</title>
			<shortdesc/>
			<taskbody>
				<context>
					<p/>
					<p>To configure NetApp 7-mode Filer and enable the SAN in Eucalyptus:</p>
				</context>
				<steps>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify Data ONTAP version for the 7-mode Filer is 7.3.3 or later.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify SSL access by typing <codeph>secureadmin status</codeph></cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>If SSL is marked inactive, enable with <codeph>secureadmin setup ssl</codeph> and
							generate a new certificate.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Turn on SSL access with <codeph>options httpd.admin.ssl.enable on</codeph></cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Enable the iSCSI service on the NetApp device with <codeph>option iscsi.enable
								on</codeph> or <codeph>option licensed_feature.iscsi.enable on</codeph> if you have
							an embedded license on your array.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Turn on the iSCSI service with <codeph>iscsi start</codeph></cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Enable the iSCSI service on the NetApp device with <codeph>enable iscsi
								service</codeph></cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that an aggregate with sufficient spare capacity exists.</cmd>
						<choices>
							<choice>If you have SSH access to the NetApp Filer, enter <codeph>aggr
									show_space</codeph>.</choice>
							<choice>If an aggregate with spare capacity does not exist, create one using the
									<codeph>aggr create</codeph> command.</choice>
						</choices>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that you have a license for FlexClone installed. At the shell prompt, enter
								<codeph>license</codeph> to see the list of all installed licenses.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that administrator account credentials for NetApp Filer are available to be
							configured in Eucalyptus. If not, create a new administrator account for use by
							Eucalyptus </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Configure the SC to use the NetappManager for storage.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock>
							The output of the command should be similar to:
							<codeblock>PROPERTY	&lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager	netapp was &lt;unset></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that the propery value is now: 'netapp'</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage</codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
						<cmd/>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to the NOTREADY or DISABLED state.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>On the primary CLC, enable NetApp SAN support in Eucalyptus by entering the Filer's
							hostname or IP address, the username and password of the administrator account, and
							CHAP username. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>Eucalyptus uses Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP) for disk
								operations. The CHAP username can be any value, however it should be unique when
								sharing a NetApp Filer across multiple Eucalyptus clusters. </note>
							<note>CHAP support for NetApp has been added in Eucalyptus 3.3. An SC will not
								transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is conﬁgured. </note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanhost=&lt;Filer_IP_address>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanuser=&lt;Filer_admin_username>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanpassword=&lt;Filer_admin_password>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.chapuser=&lt;Chap_username></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to the ENABLED state.</cmd>
						<info>
							<note>The SC must be in the ENABLED state before configuring the following
								properties.</note>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>If no aggregate is set, Eucalyptus will query the NetApp Filer for all available
							aggregates and use the one that has the highest capacity (free space) by default. To
							make Eucalyptus use specific aggregate(s) configure the following property: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.aggregate=&lt;aggregate_1_name,aggregate_2_name,...></codeblock>
						</info>
						<info>
							<p>If you want Eucalyptus to use the smallest aggregate first configure the following
								property: </p>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.uselargestaggregate=false</codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Set the iSCSI data IP on the ENABLED CLC. This IP is used by NCs to perform disk
							operations on the Filer. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>Filer IP address can be used as the data port IP. If this is not set, Eucalyptus
								will automatically use the Filer IP address/hostname.</note>
							<note>Eucalyptus does not support Multipath I/O for NetApp 7-mode Filers. </note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.ncpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Set the iSCSI data IP on the ENABLED CLC. This IP is used by the SC to perform disk
							operations on the Filer. The SC connects to the Filer in order to transfer snapshots
							to Walrus during snapshot operations. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>The Filer IP address can be used as the data port IP. If this is not set,
								Eucalyptus will automatically use the Filer IP address/hostname.</note>
							<note>Eucalyptus does not support Multipath I/O for NetApp 7-mode Filers. </note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.scpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
				</steps>
				<result>Your Netapp 7-mode SAN is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
			</taskbody>
		</task>

		<task id="enabling_san_netapp_ontap_ha">
			<title>Enable NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN</title>
			<shortdesc/>
			<taskbody>
				<context>
					<p>Eucalyptus integrates with NetApp Clustered ONTAP SAN by operating against a Vserver.
						SC must be conﬁgured to operate against Vserver contained in the NetApp Clustered ONTAP
						environment. </p>
					<p>For more information on NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP, see <xref
							href="http://www.netapp.com/us/system/pdf-reader.aspx?m=tr-3982.pdf&amp;cc=us"
							scope="external" format="pdf">Clustered Data ONTAP 8.1 and 8.1.1: An
							Introduction</xref>.</p>
					<p>To configure NetApp Vserver and enable the SAN in Eucalyptus:</p>
				</context>
				<steps>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify Clustered Data ONTAP version for the SAN is 8.1.1 or later.</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that FlexClone and iSCSI licenses are installed on the SAN. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that a Vserver with iSCSI data protocol is available for use by Eucalyptus.
						</cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that Vserver administration is delegated to a user with administrative
							privileges for that Vserver. If not, create a new new Vserver administrator account
							for use by Eucalyptus. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that a management (only) Logical Interface (LIF) is configured for the
							Vserver and an IP address or hostname is assigned to it. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that data LIFs are configured on the Vserver. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Verify that one or more aggregates with sufficient spare capacity exists. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify the network connectivity between Eucalyptus components and the Vserver. The
							SC must be able communicate with the Vserver over both management and data LIFs. The
							NC must be able to communicate with the Vserver using the data LIFs. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Configure the SC to use the NetApp SAN for storage: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock>
							<p>The output of the command should be similar to:</p>
							<codeblock>PROPERTY &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager netapp was &lt;unset></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Verify that the propery value is now: 'netapp' </cmd>
						<info><codeblock>euca-describe-properties | grep blockstorage </codeblock></info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>On the CLC, run the following command to verify that the SC is listed; note that it
							may be in the BROKEN state: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca_conf --list-scs</codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to NOTREADY or DISABLED states. </cmd>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>On the primary CLC, enable NetApp SAN support in Eucalyptus by entering the
							Vserver's hostname or IP address, the username and password of the administrator
							account, CHAP username and Vserver name. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>Eucalyptus uses Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP) for disk
								operations. The CHAP username can be any value, however it should be unique when
								sharing a NetApp Vserver across multiple Eucalyptus clusters.</note>
							<note>CHAP support for NetApp has been added in Eucalyptus 3.3. The SC will not
								transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is conﬁgured.</note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanhost=&lt;Vserver_IP_address>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanuser=&lt;Vserver_admin_username>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.sanpassword=&lt;Vserver_admin_password>
euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.chapuser=&lt;Chap_username></codeblock>
							<note> The following command may fail if tried immediately after conﬁguring the block
								storage manager. Retry the command a few times, pausing for a few seconds after each
								retry: </note>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.vservername=&lt;Vserver_name></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> Wait for the SC to transition to ENABLED state. </cmd>
						<info>
							<note>The SC must be in the ENABLED state before configuring the following
								properties.</note>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd> If no aggregate is set, Eucalyptus will query the NetApp Vserver for all available
							aggregates and use the one that has the highest capacity (free space) by default. To
							make Eucalyptus use specific aggregate(s) configure the following property: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.aggregate=&lt;aggregate_1_name,
								aggregate_2_name,...></codeblock>
						</info>
						<info>
							<p>If you want Eucalyptus to use the smallest aggregate first configure the following
								property: </p>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.uselargestaggregate=false</codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Set an IP address for the iSCSI data LIF on the ENABLED CLC. This is used for NCs
							performing disk operations on the Vserver.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.ncpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
					<step>
						<cmd>Set an IP address for the iSCSI data LIF on the ENABLED CLC. This is used by the SC
							for performing disk operations on the Vserver. The SC connects to the data LIFs on the
							Vserver in order to transfer snapshots to Walrus during snapshot operations.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>euca-modify-property -p &lt;partition>.storage.scpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
						</info>
					</step>
				</steps>
				<result>Your NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
			</taskbody>
		</task>
	</task>
</task>
