<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="broken_state">
 <!--    This concept template to be used for conceptual or overview information. -->    
    <title>About the BROKEN State</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic describes the initial state of the Storage Controller (SC) after you have
        registered it with the Cloud Controller (CLC).</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
<!--This is OK for first release (perhaps) but the STATES need to be defined and described in a separate section. BROKEN is just one.
-->        <p>The SC automatically
            goes to the <codeph>BROKEN</codeph> state after being registered with the CLC; it
            will remain in that state until you explicitly configure the SC by telling it which
            backend storage provider to use.</p>
        <p>You can check the state of a storage controller by running
                <codeph>euserv-describe-services --expert</codeph> and note the state and status
            message of the SC(s). The output for an unconfigured SC looks something like this:</p>
        <p>
            <codeblock>SERVICE	storage        	ZONE1        	SC71           	BROKEN    	37  	http://192.168.51.71:8773/services/Storage	arn:euca:eucalyptus:ZONE1:storage:SC71/
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	arn:euca:eucalyptus:ZONE1:storage:SC71/
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	ERROR
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	Sun Nov 18 22:11:13 PST 2012
SERVICEEVENT	6c1f7a0a-21c9-496c-bb79-23ddd5749222	SC blockstorageamanger not configured. Found empty or unset manager(unset). Legal values are: das,overlay,ceph</codeblock></p>
        <p>Note the error above: <codeph>SC blockstoragemanager not configured. Found empty or unset
            manager(unset). Legal values are: das,overlay,ceph</codeph>.</p>
        <p>This indicates that the SC is not yet configured. It can be configured by setting the
                <codeph>[zone].storage.blockstoragemanager</codeph> property to 'das', 'overlay', or
            'ceph'.</p>
        <p>If you have installed the (paid) Eucalyptus Enterprise packages for your EBS adapter, you
            will also see additional options in the output line above, and can set the block storage
            manager to 'netapp', 'equallogic', or 'threepar' as appropriate.</p>
        <p>You can verify that the SC block storage manager is unset using:
            <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager</codeblock>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
