<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_overlay_local">
    <title>Use the Overlay Local Filesystem</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure the local filesystem as the block storage
        backend provider for the Storage Controller (SC).</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq><b>Prerequisites</b><ul>
                <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this section.</li>
                <li>The SC must be installed, registered, and running.</li>
                <li>The local filesystem <filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/volumes</filepath> must have
                    enough space to hold volumes and snapshots created in the cloud.</li>
                <li>You must execute the steps below as a Eucalyptus administrator.</li>
            </ul></prereq>        
        <context><p>In this configuration the SC itself hosts the volume and snapshots for EBS and
                stores them as files on the local filesystem. It uses standard Linux iSCSI tools to
                serve the volumes to instances running on NCs.</p><b>To configure overlay block
                    storage for the zone, run the following commands on the CLC</b></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure the SC to use the local filesystem for EBS.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager=overlay </codeblock> The
                    output of the command should be similar to:
                    <codeblock>PROPERTY	one.storage.blockstoragemanager	overlay was &lt;unset></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'overlay'</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
                <cmd/>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>
            <p>Your local filesystem (overlay) backend is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</p>
        </result>        
    </taskbody>
</task>
