<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_ceph_rbd">
    <title>Use Ceph-RBD</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure Ceph-RBD as the block storage backend provider
        for the Storage Controller (SC).</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq><b>Prerequisites</b><ul>
                <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this section.</li>
                <li>The SC must be installed, registered, and running.</li> 
            <li>You must have a paid subscription to Eucalyptus in order to use a SAN
                backend.</li>
            <li>You must have a functioning Ceph cluster.</li>
            <li>Ceph user credentials assigned to Eucalyptus SC and NCs must be configured with
                appropriate permissions (different user credentials can be used for the SCs
                and NCs; below sections will explain how to configure them in
                Eucalyptus).</li>
            <li>You must execute the steps below as a Eucalyptus administrator.</li>
        </ul>
        </prereq>
        <!--    This "To ... " context states what we are trying to accomplish via the steps in this task. -->        
        <context><b>To configure Ceph-RBD block storage for the SC</b></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                
                <cmd>Node Controllers (NCs) are designed to communicate with a Ceph cluster via
                    libvirt. This interaction requires a hypervisor that supports Ceph-RBD. The
                    following instructions will walk you through steps for verifying and or
                    installing the hypervisor. Repeat this process for every NC in the Eucalyptus
                    cluster.</cmd>
                
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Verify if <codeph>qemu-kvm</codeph> and <codeph>qemu-img</codeph>
                            are already installed.</cmd>
                        <info><codeblock>yum list qemu-kvm qemu-img</codeblock>
                            <p>Proceed to the preparing the RHEV qemu packages step if they are
                                not installed.</p></info>
                    </substep>
                    
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Verify qemu support for the <codeph>ceph-rbd</codeph> driver.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>qemu-img --help
qemu-img version 0.12.1, Copyright (c) 2004-2008 Fabrice Bellard
...
Supported formats: raw cow qcow vdi vmdk cloop dmg bochs vpc vvfat qcow2 qed vhdx parallels nbd blkdebug host_cdrom 
host_floppy host_device file gluster gluster gluster gluster rbd</codeblock>
                            <note>If 'rbd' is listed as one of the supported formats, no further
                                action is required; otherwise proceed to the next step.</note>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If the <codeph>eucalyptus-nc</codeph> service is running,
                            terminate/stop all instances. After all instances are terminated,
                            stop the eucalyptus-nc service.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>service eucalyptus-nc stop</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Uninstall the <codeph>qemu-kvm</codeph> and
                            <codeph>qemu-img</codeph> packages. </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <note>This will also uninstall <codeph>libvirt</codeph> if it was
                                installed. Make a copy of the current
                                <codeph>/etc/libvirt/libvirtd.conf</codeph> file. The yum
                                uninstallation process will save the current copy to
                                <codeph>/etc/libvirt/libvirtd.conf.rpmsave</codeph>.</note>
                            <codeblock>yum remove qemu-kvm qemu-img</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Prepare the RHEV qemu packages:</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <ul>
                                <li>If this NC is a RHEL system and the RHEV subscription to
                                    qemu packages is available, consult the RHEV package
                                    procedure to install the qemu-kvm-rhev and qemu-img-rhev
                                    packages. Blacklist the RHEV packages in the Eucalyptus repo
                                    to ensure that packages from the RHEV repo are installed.
                                    Skip to step <b>g</b> after installing the RHEV packages. </li>
                                
                                <li>If this NC is a RHEL system and RHEV subscription to qemu
                                    packages is unavailable, eucalyptus built and maintained
                                    qemu-rhev packages may be used. These packages are available
                                    in the same yum repository as other eucalyptus packages.
                                    Note that using eucalyptus built RHEV packages voids the
                                    original RHEL support for the qemu packages.</li>
                                <li>If this NC is a non-RHEL (CentOS) system, Eucalyptus-built and maintained qemu-rhev
                                    packages may be used. These packages are available in the
                                    same yum repository as other eucalyptus packages. </li>
                            </ul>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <!--Need to add the path to these packages!-->
                        <cmd>Install Eucalyptus-built RHEV packages:
                            <codeph>qemu-kvm-rhev</codeph> and
                            <codeph>qemu-img-rhev</codeph>. </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>yum install qemu-kvm-rhev qemu-img-rhev</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Install <codeph>libvirt</codeph>.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>yum install libvirt</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If libvirt was uninstalled in step <b>d</b>, copy the saved
                            <codeph>libvirtd.conf</codeph> file to
                            <codeph>/etc/libvirt/libvirtd.conf</codeph>. Otherwise modify
                            the <codeph>/etc/libvirt/libvirtd.conf</codeph> file as per your
                            requirements.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>yum install libvirt</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Start the <codeph>libvirtd</codeph> service.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>service libvirtd start</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Verify <codeph>qemu</codeph> support for the
                            <codeph>ceph-rbd</codeph> driver.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>qemu-img --help
qemu-img version 0.12.1, Copyright (c) 2004-2008 Fabrice Bellard
...
Supported formats: raw cow qcow vdi vmdk cloop dmg bochs vpc vvfat qcow2 qed vhdx parallels nbd blkdebug host_cdrom 
host_floppy host_device file gluster gluster gluster gluster rbd</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Make sure the eucalyptus-nc service is started.</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>service eucalyptus-nc start</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    
                    
                    
                </substeps>
            </step>
            
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure the SC to use Ceph-RBD for block storage.</cmd>
                <info><codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager=ceph-rbd</codeblock> The
                    output of the command should be similar to:
                    <codeblock>PROPERTY	one.storage.blockstoragemanager	ceph-rbd was &lt;unset></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Verify that the property value is now <codeph>ceph-rbd</codeph>:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Check the SC to be sure that it has transitioned out of the
                    <codeph>BROKEN</codeph> state and is in the <codeph>NOTREADY</codeph>,
                    <codeph>DISABLED</codeph> or <codeph>ENABLED</codeph> state before
                    configuring the rest of the properties for the SC.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The ceph-rbd provider will assume defaults for the following properties:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.ceph
 
PROPERTY        one.storage.cephconfigfile  /etc/ceph/ceph.conf
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.cephconfigfile  Absolute path to Ceph configuration (ceph.conf) file. Default value is '/etc/ceph/ceph.conf'
 
PROPERTY        one.storage.cephkeyringfile /etc/ceph/ceph.client.eucalyptus.keyring
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.cephkeyringfile Absolute path to Ceph keyring (ceph.client.eucalyptus.keyring) file. Default value is '/etc/ceph/ceph.client.eucalyptus.keyring'
 
PROPERTY        one.storage.cephsnapshotpools       rbd
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.cephsnapshotpools       Ceph storage pool(s) made available to Eucalyptus for EBS snapshots. Use a comma separated list for configuring multiple pools. Default value is 'rbd'
 
PROPERTY        one.storage.cephuser        eucalyptus
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.cephuser        Ceph username employed by Eucalyptus operations. Default value is 'eucalyptus'
 
PROPERTY        one.storage.cephvolumepools rbd
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.cephvolumepools Ceph storage pool(s) made available to Eucalyptus for EBS volumes. Use a comma separated list for configuring multiple pools. Default value is 'rbd'</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The following steps are optional if the default values do not work for your
                    cloud:</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To set the Ceph username (the default value for Eucalyptus is
                            'eucalyptus'): </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.cephuser=qauser</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To set the absolute path to keyring file containing the key for the
                            'eucalyptus' user (the default value is
                            '/etc/ceph/ceph.client.eucalyptus.keyring'):</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.cephkeyringfile='/etc/ceph/ceph.client.qauser.keyring'</codeblock>
                            <note>If cephuser was modified, ensure that cephkeyringfile is also
                                updated with the location to the keyring for the specific
                                cephuser:</note>
                        </info>
                        
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To set the absolute path to ceph.conf file (default value is
                            '/etc/ceph/ceph.conf'):</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.cephconfigfile=&lt;path-to-ceph.conf></codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To change the comma-delimited list of Ceph pools assigned to
                            Eucalyptus for managing EBS volumes (default value is 'rbd') :</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.cephvolumepools=rbd,qavolumes</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To change the comma-delimited list of Ceph pools assigned to
                            Eucalyptus for managing EBS snapshots (default value is 'rbd')
                            :</cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.cephsnapshotpools=qasnapshots</codeblock>
                        </info>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Every NC will assume the following defaults:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>CEPH_USER_NAME="eucalyptus"
CEPH_KEYRING_PATH="/etc/ceph/ceph.client.eucalyptus.keyring"
CEPH_CONFIG_PATH="/etc/ceph/ceph.conf"</codeblock>
                </info>
                
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>To override the above defaults, add/edit the following properties
                            in the <codeph>$EUCALYPTUS/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</codeph>
                            on the specific NC. file: </cmd>
                        <info>
                            <codeblock>CEPH_USER_NAME="&lt;ceph-username-for-use-by-this-NC>"
CEPH_KEYRING_PATH="&lt;path-to-keyring-file-for-ceph-username>"
CEPH_CONFIG_PATH="&lt;path-to-ceph.conf-file>"</codeblock>
                        </info>
                        
                    </substep>
                    
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Repeat the previous two steps for every NC in the specific
                            Eucalyptus cluster.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>Your Ceph backend is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
