<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">

<task id="enable_netapp_7mode_san" props="subscribe">
        <title>Enable NetApp 7-mode</title>
        <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure the NetApp 7-mode SAN block storage backend
        for the Storage Controller (SC).</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <prereq><b>Prerequisites</b><ul>
                    <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this
                        section.</li>
                    <li>The SC must be installed, registered, and running.</li>
                <li>You must have a paid subscription to <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> in order to use a SAN
                        backend.</li>
                <li>You must have a functioning NetApp 7-mode device available to <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
                        cloud.</li>
                    <li>A supported version of the Data ONTAP operating system must be installed on
                        the SAN. 
                        <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/compat_matrix"/></li>
                    <li>FlexClone and iSCSI licenses must be enabled on the setup.</li>
                    <li>One or more aggregates with sufficient space should be available and iSCSI
                    service should be started.</li>
                    <li>Administrator account credentials for NetApp Filer must be available to be
                        configured in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>.</li>
                <li>You must execute the steps below as a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> administrator.</li>
            </ul>
            </prereq>   
            <!--    This "To ... " context states what we are trying to accomplish via the steps in this task. -->        
            <context><b>To configure NetApp 7-mode SAN block storage for the zone, run the following
                commands on the CLC</b></context>
           
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Configure the SC to use the Netapp for EBS.</cmd>
                    <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock> The output
                    of the command should be similar to:
                    <codeblock>ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock>
                </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'netapp'</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>
                <step>
                <cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to the 'notready' or 'disabled' state.</cmd>
            </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>On the CLC, enable NetApp SAN support in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> by entering the
                        Filer's hostname or IP address, the username and password of the
                        administrator account, and CHAP username. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> uses Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
                            for disk operations. The CHAP username can be any value, however it
                            should be unique when sharing a NetApp Filer across multiple
                            <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> clusters. </note>
                        <note>CHAP support for NetApp was added in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 3.3. An SC will not
                        transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is conﬁgured. </note>
                        <!-- The following can actually be combined but it's difficult to display properly 
                    in PDF and HTML so separating.-->
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.sanhost=Filer_IP_address 
euctl ZONE.storage.sanuser=Filer_admin_username
euctl ZONE.storage.sanpassword=Filer_admin_password 
euctl ZONE.storage.chapuser=Chap_username</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to the ENABLED state.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>The SC must be in the ENABLED state before configuring the
                            following properties.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If no aggregate is set, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> will query the NetApp Filer for all
                        available aggregates and use the one that has the highest capacity (free
                        space) by default. To make <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> use specific aggregate(s)
                        configure the following property: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.aggregate=aggregate_1_name,aggregate_2_name,...</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>If you want <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> to use the smallest aggregate first configure
                            the following property: </p>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.uselargestaggregate=false</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set the iSCSI data IP on the ENABLED CLC. This IP is used by NCs to
                        perform disk operations on the Filer. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>Filer IP address can be used as the data port IP. If this is not
                            set, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> will automatically use the Filer IP
                            address/hostname.</note>
                        <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> does not support Multipath I/O for NetApp 7-mode
                            Filers. </note>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.ncpaths=IP</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set the iSCSI data IP on the ENABLED CLC. This IP is used by the SC to
                    perform disk operations on the Filer. The SC connects to the Filer in order to
                    transfer snapshots to objectstorage during snapshot operations. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>The Filer IP address can be used as the data port IP. If this is
                            not set, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> will automatically use the Filer IP
                            address/hostname.</note>
                        <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> does not support Multipath I/O for NetApp 7-mode
                            Filers. </note>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.scpaths=IP</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>Your NetApp 7-mode SAN backend is now ready to use with <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
 
