<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_netapp_multipath_ha">
	<title>Configure NetApp Multipathing</title>
	
	<shortdesc>Use multipathing to provide network and controller redundancy for the iSCSI data path between the NetApp Cluster-mode SAN and NCs.</shortdesc>
	
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/tech_preview"/>
			<note type="important">Eucalyptus supports multipathing for NetApp Clustered ONTAP only.</note>
			<note type="important">It is <b>strongly</b> recommended that you get your system up and
				running and able to create volumes and snapshots using the NetApp SAN prior to
				configuring multipathing. Multipathing can be configured after the cloud is fully
				functional and will apply to any volumes attached/snapshotted after multipathing is
				configured. Configuring multipathing on a non-multipathed system does not require a
				restart of the SC, NC, or CLC. </note>
			<p>To configure multipathing for a NetApp SAN:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Ensure that the mutipathd service is running on the SC and on each NC:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeph>mpathconf --enable</codeph>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the <filepath>/etc/multipath.conf</filepath> file. </cmd>
				<info>
					<note> An example configuration for NetApp is installed with Eucalyptus. This
						file is located in
						<filepath>/usr/share/doc/eucalyptus-3.4.1/multipath.conf.example.netapp</filepath>
						on each NC. </note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Start the mutipathd service: </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>service multipathd start</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> If you modify the <filepath>/etc/multipath.conf</filepath> file, be sure to
					restart and reconfigure multipathd: </cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Restart the multipathd service: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>service multipathd restart</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Run multipathd -k:</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>multipathd -k</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Enter the following commands at the multipathd
							interactive prompt:</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>reconfigure
quit</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Check that the multipath udev rules file is installed by
					verifying that the file
					<codeph>/etc/udev/rules.d/12-dm-permissions.rules</codeph>
					file exists.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Set the ISCSI paths: </cmd>
				<info>
					<note> The path specification format is
						iface0:ip0,iface1:ip1,...,ifaceN:ipN where iface may be
						re-­‐used (i.e. multiple iface0 entries). Also, note
						that ‘iface’ is optional, you may just specify a
						comma-­‐delimited list of IPs. Eucalyptus will detect
						which interfaces on the SC/NC can reach each specified
						IP and will use the first found. You must only specify
						the ‘iface’ value if you want precise control over which
						interfaces access which IPs. For using a single path
						only, just specify the IP of the iscsi data port to use
						on the NetApp Clustered ONTAP. </note>
					<note> We recommend initially getting the system working with only one path. The
						path values can be modified at any time to enable multipathing, so it is
						possible to get everything working and confirm full NetApp functionality
						before attempting multipathing. To use one path, simply specify a single IP
						for each the following steps. </note>
				</info>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						
						<cmd> Set the NC paths. For example: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>euca-modify-property -p
								mypartition.storage.ncpaths=iface0:127.0.0.1</codeph>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Set the SC paths. For example: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph> euca-modify-property -p
								mypartition.storage.scpaths=iface0:127.0.0.1 </codeph>
							<note> The NC and SC may each have different path
								lists, or you can optionally only enable
								multipathing on the NCs or SC if desire. </note>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>If you specified an <codeph>iface</codeph> when
							setting the SC paths, be sure to include a line in
							the eucalyptus.conf file of each NC in the cluster
							that defines each <codeph>iface</codeph>. For
							example:</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeph>STORAGE_INTERFACES="iface0=eth0"</codeph>
						</info>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Test and verify the configuration by creating (and
					attaching to) a volume and creating a snapshot on the
					partition. </cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> If testing is successful, you can now configure multiple
					paths in your *.storage.ncpaths and *.storage.scpaths
					configuration. </cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd> Verify that multipathing is working on the SC and on an NC by attaching a
					volume to an instance on the SC and the NC and running the following command: </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock> multipath -ll </codeblock>
					<p> This command should return output similar to the
						following: </p>
					<codeblock>mpathp (3600a098037542d69535d43514965354e) dm-2 NETAPP,LUN C-Mode
size=2.0G features='3 queue_if_no_path pg_init_retries 50' hwhandler='1 alua' wp=rw
|-+- policy='round-robin 0' prio=50 status=active
| |- 18:0:0:0 sdd 8:48 active ready running
| `- 20:0:0:0 sdf 8:80 active ready running
`-+- policy='round-robin 0' prio=10 status=enabled
  |- 17:0:0:0 sdc 8:32 active ready running
  `- 19:0:0:0 sde 8:64 active ready running                      </codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<result> You have now successfully configured multipathing for your NetApp Clustered ONTAP system. </result>
	</taskbody>
</task>
