<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_storage_ceph_rgw">
    <title>Use Ceph-RGW</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure Ceph Rados Gateway (RGW) as the backend for the
        Object Storage Gateway (OSG).</shortdesc>
    <!-- ADD XREF TO CONTROLLED AVAILABILITY DOC-1849 -->
    <taskbody>
        <prereq><b>Prerequisites</b>
            <ul>
                <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this section.</li>
                <li>The UFS must be registered and enabled.</li>
                <li>A Ceph storage cluster is available.</li>
                <li>The ceph-radosgw service has been installed (on the UFS or any other host) 
                    and configured to use the Ceph storage cluster. <ph
                        conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> recommends using 
                    civetweb with ceph-radosgw service. <xref
                        href="https://sourceforge.net/projects/civetweb/" scope="external" format="html">Civetweb</xref> 
                    is a lightweight web server and is included in the ceph-radosgw installation. It is relatively easier 
                    to install and configure than the alternative option – a combination of Apache and Fastcgi modules.</li>
                <li>You must execute the steps below as a <ph
                        conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> administrator.</li>
            </ul>
            <p>For more information on Ceph-RGW, see the <xref
                href="http://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/radosgw/" scope="external" format="html">Ceph-RGW documentation</xref>.</p>
        </prereq>
        <context><b>To configure Ceph-RGW object storage for the OSG</b></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure <codeph>objectstorage.providerclient</codeph> to ceph-rgw:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl objectstorage.providerclient=ceph-rgw</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure <codeph>objectstorage.s3provider.s3endpoint</codeph> to the ip:port of the host
                    running the ceph-radosgw service:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <note>Depending on the front end web server used by ceph-radosgw service, the
                        default port is 80 for apache and 7480 for civetweb.</note>
                    <codeblock>euctl objectstorage.s3provider.s3endpoint=&lt;radosgw-host-ip>:&lt;radosgw-webserver-port></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure <codeph>objectstorage.s3provider.s3accesskey</codeph> and <codeph>objectstorage.s3provider.s3secretkey</codeph> with the radosgw user credentials:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl objectstorage.s3provider.s3accesskey=&lt;radosgw-user-accesskey></codeblock>
                    <codeblock>euctl objectstorage.s3provider.s3secretkey=&lt;radosgw-user-secretkey></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>

        </steps>
        <result>
            <p>The Ceph-RGW backend and OSG are now ready for production.</p>
        </result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
