<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_3par_san" props="subscribe">
    <title>Use an HP 3PAR SAN</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure the HP 3PAR SAN as the block storage backend
        provider for the Storage Controller (SC).</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq><b>Prerequisites</b><ul>
                <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this section.</li>
                <li>The SC must be installed, registered, and running.</li>
                <li>You must have a paid subscription to Eucalyptus in order to use a SAN
                    backend.</li>
                <li>You must have a functioning 3PAR device available to Eucalyptus cloud.</li>
                <li>
                    <p>Network access must be available from the:</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>SC to 3PAR management and data ports.</li>
                        <li>NC to 3PAR data ports.</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Verify this 3PAR device checklist:</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Network access for management and data operations is set up. </li>
                        <li>3PAR Web Services API service is turned on.</li>
                        <li>Common Provisioning Groups (CPG) is created and configured. Recommend one CPG
                            for user data and another for snapshot data. </li>
                        <li>A user exists with "edit" role in the "all" domain. </li>
                        <li>(Optional) Eucalyptus can operate within the scope of a 3PAR virtual domain.
                            This virtual domain should have the necessary CPGs assigned to it. A user with
                            "edit" role in the specific domain as well as "edit" role in the "all" domain
                            must be configured.</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>You must execute the steps below as a Eucalyptus administrator.</li>
        </ul>
        </prereq>        
        <!--    This "To ... " context states what we are trying to accomplish via the steps in this task. -->        
        <context><b>To configure HP 3PAR SAN block storage for the zone, run the following commands on the CLC</b></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Configure the SC to use the 3PAR for EBS.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager=threepar</codeblock> The
                    output of the command should be similar to:
                    <codeblock>PROPERTY	one.storage.blockstoragemanager	threepar was &lt;unset></codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'threepar'</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
                <cmd/>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the CLC, enable SAN support in Eucalyptus by entering your SAN's hostname or
                    IP address, the username, password, and the paths:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.sanhost=[3PAR_IP_address]
euctl [zone].storage.sanuser=[3PAR_admin_user_name]
euctl [zone].storage.sanpassword=[3PAR_admin_password]
euctl [zone].storage.scpaths=[3PAR_iSCSI_IP]
euctl [zone].storage.ncpaths=[3PAR_iSCSI_IP]</codeblock>
                    <p>If you have multiple management IP addresses for the SAN adapter, provide a
                        comma-delimited list of IP addresses to the
                            <codeph>[zone].storage.sanhost</codeph> property.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Assign any string to the <codeph>chap_username</codeph> property.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.chapuser=[chap_username]</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Assign the 3PAR CPG that should be used for creating virtual volumes to the <codeph>threeparusercpg</codeph> property.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.threeparusercpg=[3PAR_user_cpg]</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Assign the 3PAR CPG that should be used for creating virtual volume snapshot space to the <codeph>threeparcopycpg</codeph> property.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.threeparcopycpg=[3PAR_copy_cpg]</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>(Optional) These properties are available for advanced configuration.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.threepar
PROPERTY        one.storage.threepardomain     {}
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.threepardomain     Name of the virtual domain containing threeparusercpg and threeparcopycpg. If threeparusercpg and threeparcopycpg don't belong to a specific virtual domain leave this property unset

PROPERTY        one.storage.threeparmultihostaccess     false
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.threeparmultihostaccess     Configure multi host access to virtual volume. Value must be true to enable multi host access. Default value is false

PROPERTY        one.storage.threeparoptimizesnaptovol     true
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.threeparoptimizesnaptovol     If set to true, snapshot to volume creation path is optimized. If set to false, volume to snapshot path is optimized. Default value is true

PROPERTY        one.storage.threeparpersona     2
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.threeparpersona     Persona (integer value) to be used when exporting a VLUN to host. Default value is 2 and represents a Linux initiator

PROPERTY        one.storage.threeparphysicalcopytimeout     120
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.threeparphysicalcopytimeout     Time duration in minutes to wait for physical copy operation to complete. Default value is 120

PROPERTY        one.storage.threeparusetpvv     true
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.threeparusetpvv     Configure virtual volumes to be either thinly (TPVV) or fully provisioned (FPVV). Value must be true for TPVV and false for FPVV. Default value is true

PROPERTY        one.storage.threeparvluncachesize     10000
DESCRIPTION     one.storage.threeparvluncachesize     Maximum number of VLUNs that can be cahced by the provider. Default value is 10000</codeblock>
                        <p>For more information about the <codeph>threeparoptimizesnaptovol</codeph>
                        property, and how to configure it, see <xref
                            href="../install-guide/config_storage_3par_op_modes.dita#op_modes"
                            >About Operation Mode Optimization</xref>.</p>
                    </info>
              
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>Your 3PAR SAN backend is now ready to use with Eucalyptus.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
