<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_dell_san" props="subscribe">
    <title>Use a Dell EqualLogic SAN</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure the Dell EqualLogic SAN as the block storage
        backend provider on the Storage Controller (SC).</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>This task assumes the following: <ul>
                <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this section.</li>
                <li>The SC must be installed, registered, and running.</li>
            <li>You must have a paid subscription to <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> in order to use a SAN backend.</li>
            <li>You must have a functioning EqualLogic device available to <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> cloud.</li>
            <li>You must execute the steps below as a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> administrator.</li>
                </ul>
        </prereq>        
        <!--    This "To ... " context states what we are trying to accomplish via the steps in this task. -->        
        <context><b>To configure Dell EqualLogic block storage for the zone, run the following commands on the CLC</b></context>   
        
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Configure the SC to use Equallogic for EBS.</cmd>
                    <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager=equallogic</codeblock> The
                    output of the command should be similar to:
                    <codeblock>one.storage.blockstoragemanager=equallogic</codeblock>
                </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'equallogic'</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enable SAN support in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> by entering your SAN's
                        hostname or IP address, the username, password, and the name of the chap
                        user:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <!-- The following can actually be combined but it's difficult to display properly 
                    in PDF and HTML so separating.-->
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.sanhost=SAN_IP_address 
euctl ZONE.storage.sanuser=SAN_admin_user_name
euctl ZONE.storage.sanpassword=SAN_admin_password 
euctl ZONE.storage.chapuser=chap_username</codeblock>
                      
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                <cmd>(Optional) If your EqualLogic setup has dedicated paths for data access that
                    are different from the management IP address supplied for the
                        <codeph>ZONE.storage.sanhost</codeph> property, the following properties
                    must also be configured in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"
                    />:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.scpaths=data-IP-address ZONE.storage.ncpaths=data-IP-address</codeblock>
                    <p>The SC and NC data IP address might be the same; or they can be different, if
                        EqualLogic has multiple data interfaces.</p>
                </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                <cmd>(Optional) These properties are available for EqualLogic thin provisioning,
                    which can save significant space on your SAN.</cmd>
                <info>These properties take effect only during new EBS volume / snapshot creation.
                    EBS volumes created from previously existing snapshots inherit the provisioning
                    settings of the parent.
                    <codeblock>euctl -s ZONE.storage.eqlthin
ZONE.storage.eqlthinprovision = Thin provision space on Equallogic SAN. Value must be true to enable and false to disable thin provisioning
ZONE.storage.eqlthinminreserve = Minimum volume reserve for a thin-provisioned volume expressed as a % of the volume size. This is the amount of immediately writable, guaranteed space reserved for the volume
                    </codeblock>
                </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        <result>Your Dell EqualLogic SAN backend is now ready to use with <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>.</result>
        </taskbody>
</task>
