<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configuring_managednovlan_mode">
	<title>Managed (No VLAN) Mode</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<p>In Managed (No VLAN) mode, Eucalyptus does not use VLANs to
				isolate the network bridges attached to VMs from each other.
				Configure each CC to use an Ethernet device that lies within the
				same broadcast domain as all of its NCs.</p>
			<p>To configure for Managed (No VLAN) mode:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Log in to the CLC and open the
						<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
					file.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Navigate to the following section, uncomment and enter your
					IP configuration:</cmd>

				<info>
					<codeblock>VNET_MODE=" MANAGED-NOVLAN "
VNET_SUBNET="192.168.0.0"
VNET_NETMASK="255.255.0.0"
VNET_DNS="[DNS server IP]"
VNET_ADDRSPERNET="[Number of simultaneous instances per security group]"
VNET_PUBLICIPS="[Free public IP 1] [Free public IP 2] ..."
VNET_LOCALIP="[IP address that other CCs can use to reach this CC]"</codeblock>
					<note type="caution">If <codeph>VNET_ADDRESSPERNET</codeph>
						is too large relative to <codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph>
						you may have very few security groups or the CLC may
						refuse to start altogether. If the value obtained from
						the integer division of the total number of IP addresses
						(computed from <codeph>VNET_NETMASK</codeph>) and the
						number of IP addresses per security group (specified in
							<codeph>VNET_ADDRESSPERNET</codeph>) is less than 2,
						the CLC will not start VMs because it believes that
						there are no security groups available.</note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Uncomment and modify the following
						lines:<draft-comment>???Is this self-explanatory? I
						don't know what to what to enter for
						VNET_DHCPUSER.</draft-comment></cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>VNET_DHCPDAEMON=[path_to_DHCP_daemon] 
VNET_DHCPUSER=[DHCP_user]</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
			</step>
			<!-- Not required, per Vika.
        		<step>
        		<cmd>If If the CLC and CC components are on separate machines, open the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath> file on the CC, uncomment, and edit the following line:</cmd>
        		<info>
        			<codeblock>VNET_CLOUDIP="&lt;ip-of-cloud-controller>"</codeblock>
        		</info>
        	</step>
        	<step>
        		<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
        	</step>-->
			<step>
				<cmd>If you are running multiple clusters, specify the IP
					address that the CC used to register with the
						CLC:<draft-comment>???On which
						component?</draft-comment></cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>VNET_LOCALIP="[IP address that other CCs can use to reach this CC]"</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On each NC server, open the
						<filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf</filepath>
					file, uncomment, and edit the following lines: </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>VNET_BRIDGE="[bridge_name]"</codeblock>
					<p>and</p>
					<codeblock>VNET_MODE=" MANAGED-NOVLAN"</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Save the file.</cmd>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
