<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">

<task id="enable_netapp_clustered_san" props="subscribe">
        <title>Enable NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP</title>
        <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure the NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN block
        storage backend for the Storage Controller (SC).</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <prereq><b>Prerequisites</b><ul>
                    <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this section.</li>
                    <li>The SC must be installed, registered, and running.</li>
                <li>You must have a paid subscription to <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> in order to use a SAN
                     backend.</li>
                    <li>You must have a functioning NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP device available to
                        <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> cloud. <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/compat_matrix"/></li>
                    <li>You must have a data Vserver with one or more aggregates and iSCSI protocol for storing and retrieving and data.</li>
                    <li>Vserver user with administrator privileges to the specific Vserver should be
                        set up and made available to <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>.</li>
                    <li>FlexClone and iSCSI licenses must be enabled on the setup.</li>
                    <li>Management (only) Logical Interface (LIF) should be configured for the Vserver and an IP address or hostname is assigned to it.</li>
                    <li>Data LIFs should be configured on the Vserver.</li>
                    <li>One or more aggregates with necessary capacity is assigned to the Vserver.</li>
                    <li>Network connectivity:
                        <ul>
                            <li>The SC must be able communicate with the Vserver over both management and data LIFs.</li>
                            <li>The NC must be able to communicate with the Vserver using the data LIFs.</li>
                        </ul> 
                        </li>
                <li>You must execute the steps below as a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> administrator.</li>
                </ul>
                 <p>For more information on NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP, see <xref
                        href="http://www.netapp.com/us/system/pdf-reader.aspx?m=tr-3982.pdf&amp;cc=us"
                        scope="external" format="pdf">NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP: An
                        Introduction</xref>.</p>
            </prereq>  
            <!--    This "To ... " context states what we are trying to accomplish via the steps in this task. -->        
            <context><b>To configure NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP block storage for the zone, run the
                following commands on the CLC</b></context>

            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Configure the SC to use NetApp for EBS: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock>
                        <p>The output of the command should be similar to:</p>
                        <codeblock>ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'netapp' </cmd>
                    <info><codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.blockstoragemanager </codeblock></info>
                </step>
                <step conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>
                <step>
                <cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to 'notready' or 'disabled' states. </cmd>
            </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>On the CLC, enable NetApp SAN support in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> by entering the
                        Vserver's hostname or IP address, the username and password of the
                        administrator account, CHAP username and Vserver name. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> uses Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
                            for disk operations. The CHAP username can be any value, however it
                            should be unique when sharing a NetApp Vserver across multiple
                            <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> clusters.</note>
                        <note>CHAP support for NetApp was added in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 3.3. The SC will not
                        transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is conﬁgured.</note>
                        <!-- The following can actually be combined but it's difficult to display properly 
                    in PDF and HTML so separating.-->
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.sanhost=Vserver_IP_address 
euctl ZONE.storage.sanuser=Vserver_admin_username 
euctl ZONE.storage.sanpassword=Vserver_admin_password 
euctl ZONE.storage.chapuser=Chap_username</codeblock>
                        <note> The following command may fail if tried immediately after
                            conﬁguring the block storage manager. Retry the command a few times,
                            pausing for a few seconds after each retry: </note>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.vservername=Vserver_name</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Wait for the SC to transition to ENABLED state. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>The SC must be in the ENABLED state before configuring the
                            following properties.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> If no aggregate is set, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> will query the NetApp Vserver for
                        all available aggregates and use the one that has the highest capacity
                        (free space) by default. To make <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> use specific aggregate(s)
                        configure the following property: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.aggregate=aggregate_1_name, aggregate_2_name,...</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>If you want <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> to use the smallest aggregate first configure
                            the following property: </p>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.uselargestaggregate=false</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set an IP address for the iSCSI data LIF on the ENABLED CLC. This is
                        used for NCs performing disk operations on the Vserver.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.ncpaths=IP</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set an IP address for the iSCSI data LIF on the ENABLED CLC. This is
                        used by the SC for performing disk operations on the Vserver. The SC
                        connects to the data LIFs on the Vserver in order to transfer snapshots
                        to objectstorage during snapshot operations.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl ZONE.storage.scpaths=IP</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>Your NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN backend is now ready to use with
                <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
