<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="configure_imaging_service_shared">
	<title>Configure the Imaging Service</title>
	<shortdesc> The Eucalyptus Imaging Service is a service, introduced in Eucalyptus 4.0, that makes
		it easier to deploy EBS images in your Eucalyptus cloud. This service automates many of the
		labor-intensive processes required for uploading data into EBS images. The Imaging Service
		is also involved in running paravirtual images: it converts the partitions of paravirtual
		images into disks and caches them in a system-owned bucket in Object Store (in Eucalyptus
		4.0,  raw disks are exclusively used within the system for deploying images to Node
		Controllers.)</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context> The Eucalyptus Imaging Service is implemented as a
			system-controlled "worker" virtual machine that is monitored and controlled via Auto
			Scaling. Once the Imaging Service is configured, the Imaging Service VM will be started
			automatically upon the first request that requires it: either an EBS volume ingress or a
			run of a paravirtual image that hasn't been converted. Specifically, in this release of
			Eucalyptus, there are three usage scenarios for the Eucalyptus Imaging Service: <ul>
				<li><i><b>Importing a raw disk image as a volume:</b></i> If you have a raw disk image
					(containing either a data partition or a full operating system with a boot
					record, e.g., an HVM image), you can use the Imaging Service to import this into
					your Eucalyptus cloud as a volume. This is accomplished with
					euca-import-volume command. If the volume was populated with a bootable disk,
					that volume can be snapshotted and registered as an EMI.</li>
				<li><b><i>Importing a raw disk image as an instance:</i></b> If you have a raw disk image
					containing a bootable operating system, you can import this disk image into
					Eucalyptus as an instance: the Imaging Service automatically creates a volume,
					registers the EMI, and launches an instance from the EMI. This is accomplished
					with euca-import-instance command, which has options for specifying the instance
					type and the SSH key for the instance to use.</li>
				<!-- Removed per Shaon tech review comments 2015-10-22 -->
				<!--<li><b><i>Running a paravirtual image:</i></b> If your system has partition-based paravirtual
					EMIs (which entered the system via the standard bundle/upload/register process),
					the Imaging Service will be engaged when you run such an EMI on a 4.0 system for
					the first time: Soon after run request is acknowledged, an Imaging Worker
					instance will start (unless one is already running) and will begin processing
					the paravirtual image. During this time, both the pending instance and the EMI
					will have tags associated with them showing the status of conversion. If
					conversion is successful, the instance will be deployed and the image will be
					usable again, without requiring conversion upon next run.</li>-->
			</ul>
		</context>
	</taskbody>
	<task id="installing_and_registering_imaging_worker">
		<title>Install and Register the Imaging Worker Image</title>
		<shortdesc>Eucalyptus provides a command-line tool for installing and registering the
			Imaging Worker image. Once you have run the tool, the Imaging Worker will be ready to
			use. </shortdesc>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>Run the following commands on the machine where you installed the
						<codeph>eucalyptus-service-image</codeph> RPM package (it will set
						the <codeph>imaging.imaging_worker_emi</codeph> property to the newly
						created EMI of the imaging worker):</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=localhost
eval `clcadmin-assume-system-credentials`
export S3_URL=http://your_s3_url_here/
esi-install-image --region localhost --install-default</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>To create the imaging worker for the first time:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeph>esi-manage-stack -a create imaging</codeph>
					</info>
					<info>
						<p>Later, you can delete or stop the imaging worker with the following command:</p>
						<codeph>esi-manage-stack -a delete imaging</codeph>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Consider setting the <codeph>imaging.imaging_worker_instance_type</codeph> property to an
						Instance Type with enough ephemeral disk to convert any of your paravirtual
						images. The Imaging Worker root filesystem takes up about 2GB, so the
						maximum paravirtual image that the Imaging Worker will be able to convert is
						the disk allocation of the Instance Type minus 2GBs.</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euctl services.imaging.worker.instance_type=m3.xlarge</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Consider setting the <codeph>imaging.imaging_worker_keyname</codeph> property to an SSH
						keyname (previously created with the <codeph>euca-create-keypair</codeph>
						command), so that you can perform troubleshooting inside the Imaging Worker
						instance, if necessary:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euctl services.imaging.worker.keyname=mykey</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="manage_imaging_service_instance">
		<title>Managing Imaging Worker Instance</title>
		<shortdesc>Eucalyptus automatically starts Imaging Worker instances when there are tasks for
			workers to perform. </shortdesc>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>The cloud administrator can list running Imaging Worker instances, if any, by running the
						command:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock># euca-describe-instances --filter tag-value=euca-internal-imaging-workers</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>Imaging Worker instances are not terminated automatically when they no longer have tasks
						to perform. Free up resources used by the Imaging Worker instances by
						reducing the Auto Scaling group size as follows:</cmd>
					<info><ul>
						<li><codeph>Min=0</codeph></li>
						<li><codeph>Desired=0</codeph></li>
						<li><codeph>Max=</codeph>leave at <codeph>1</codeph></li>
					</ul>
					</info>
					
					<info>
						<codeblock># euscale-update-auto-scaling-group asg-euca-internal-imaging-worker-01 --desired-capacity 0 --min-size 0</codeblock>
					</info>
					<info><note>When an Auto Scaling group is reduced in that manner, tasks that require the Imaging Worker
							(new paravirtual EMI deployment, import of volumes and instances) will
							not work.</note></info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>To allow the Imaging Worker instances to be deployed again, increase the Auto Scaling
						group (ASG) capacity:</cmd>
					<info><ul>
						<li><codeph>Min=1</codeph></li>
						<li><codeph>Desired=1</codeph></li>
						<li><codeph>Max=</codeph>leave at <codeph>1</codeph></li>
					</ul>
					</info>
					<info>
						<codeblock># euscale-update-auto-scaling-group asg-euca-internal-imaging-worker-01 --desired-capacity 1 --min-size 1</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
	
	<task id="troubleshoot_imaging_worker">
		<title>Troubleshooting Imaging Worker</title>
		<shortdesc>If the Imaging Worker is configured correctly, users will be able to import data into
			EBS volumes with <codeph>euca-import-*</codeph> commands, and paravirtual EMIs will run
			as instances. In some cases, though, paravirtual images may fail to convert (e.g., due
			to intermittent network failures or a network setup that doesn't allow the Imaging
			Worker to communicate with the CLC), leaving the images in a special state. To
			troubleshoot:</shortdesc>
		<taskbody>
			<steps>
				<step>
					<cmd>If the Imaging Worker Instance Type does not provide sufficient 
						disk space for converting all paravirtual images, the administrator
						may have to change the Instance Type used by the Imaging Worker.
						After changing the instance type, the Imaging Worker instance should
						be restarted by terminating the old Imaging Worker instance:</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euctl services.imaging.worker.instance_type=m2.2xlarge
euca-terminate-instances $(euca-describe-instances --filter tag-value=euca-internal-imaging-workers | grep INSTANCE | cut -f 2)</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
				<step>
					<cmd>If the status of the conversion operation is 'Image conversion failed', but the image is
						marked as 'available' (in the output of euca-describe-images), the
						conversion can be retried by running the EMI again: :</cmd>
					<info>
						<codeblock>euca-run-instance ...</codeblock>
					</info>
				</step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
</task>
