<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="config_drbd_sync">
	<title>Synchronize Pairs Configuration</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic details steps for keeping configuration files
		synchronized between <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product_ha"/> component pairs.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			<note conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/tech_preview"/>
			<p>The <filepath>csync2</filepath>
				utility can be used to achieve this, it's designed to keep
				configuration consistent between systems in large clusters. The following example uses two
				standalone Walrus systems.</p>
			<note type="restriction">Only perform these steps between HA pairs
				containing the same components to ensure the configuration
				matches. For assistance in implementing more advanced tasks the
				<filepath>csync2</filepath> man pages should be consulted directly. </note>
			<note type="note">Completion of this section is optional. You might
				also want to expand on this example and generate your own more
				complex configurations for other components, adding more groups
				and including additional files in the synchronization tasks.
			</note>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install the csync2 utility from the EPEL repository on both
					systems:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum -y install csync2</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the primary system, generate a pre-shared key for the
					hosts you wish to sync:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>csync2 -k /etc/csync2/eucalyptus.key</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the primary system edit the /etc/csync2/csync2.cfg
					configuration file to create the synchronization template.
					Use the one below as an example, creating a group for your
					two Walrus hosts and adding the eucalyptus and drbd
					configuration files. Replace the host lines below with the
					full hostnames of your Walrus systems:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>
				group eucalyptus {
				host euca-walrus-ha-1; 
				host euca-walrus-ha-2;
				key /etc/csync2/eucalyptus.key; 
				include /etc/csync2/csync2.cfg; 
				include /etc/eucalyptus/eucalyptus.conf; 
				include /etc/eucalyptus/drbd.conf; 
				include /etc/drbd.conf; 
				}
		      </codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Copy the base configuration file and pre-shared key
					generated earlier to the secondary Walrus server:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>scp /etc/csync2/csync2.cfg /etc/csync2/eucalyptus.key euca-walrus-ha-2:/etc/csync2/</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, ensure the csync2 service and xinetd are set to start
					at boot on both Walrus systems:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>
		chkconfig csync2 on 
		chkconfig xinetd on
		service xinetd restart
		</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Next, perform a dry-run sync to check for proposed changes.
					Run this on your primary Walrus.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>csync2 -xvd</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you are happy with the proposed changes, go ahead and
					perform the sync.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>csync2 -xv</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>With the initial synchronization complete, a periodic
					compare and sync could be run via a cronjob which runs the
					csync2 utility every 5 minutes. In the future, changes can
					be made to the synchronized files on your primary Walrus and
					these would be propagated to the other system by the
					cronjob. Add the following to /etc/cron.d/csync2 as root on
					the primary Walrus:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>*/5 * * * * root csync2 -x</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
