<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="install_midokura_installation">
    <title>Install MidoNet for <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/></title>
    <shortdesc>This topic shows how to install Midokura Enterprise MidoNet for use in your <ph
            conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> cloud.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody/>
    <task id="install_midonet_cluster">
        <title>Install the MidoNet Cluster on the Cloud Controller (CLC)</title>
        <shortdesc>This topic describes how to install the MidoNet Cluster.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>MidoNet management services provide a means to manage MidoNet functions that MidoNet agents
                    (Midolman) are unable to perform on their own; MidoNet Cluster services include
                    state synchronization of VxLAN gateways and the MidoNet REST API. A MidoNet v5
                    deployment requires at least one MidoNet cluster node, and since it replaces the
                    MidoNet API webapp (which was hosted by tomcat in MidoNet v1 series), it must be
                    co-located on the CLC host machine in <ph
                        conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> deployments.
                <p>For security reasons, the MidoNet REST API is accessed only on the CLC (localhost
                    interface).</p>
                <p><b>To install the MidoNet Cluster on the CLC</b></p>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Add the MidoNet repo file as described in <xref
                            href="install_midokura_prereqs.dita"/>.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Install MidoNet Cluster packages.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>yum install midonet-cluster python-midonetclient</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Edit the <filepath>/etc/midonet/midonet.conf</filepath> file to set the
                        ZooKeeper host IP(s). Replace ZOOKEEPER_HOST_IP in the following
                        example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>[zookeeper]
zookeeper_hosts = ZOOKEEPER_HOST_IP:2181 </codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Configure cloud-wide access to the NSDB services:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>cat &lt;&lt; EOF | mn-conf set -t default
zookeeper {
  zookeeper_hosts = “ZOOKEEPER_HOST:2181"
}

cassandra {
  servers = “CASSANDRA_HOST"
}
EOF               </codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enable and start the MidoNet Cluster:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>systemctl enable midonet-cluster.service
systemctl start midonet-cluster.service</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set the midonet-api end point:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>mn-conf set cluster.rest_api.http_port=8080
mn-conf set cluster.rest_api.http_host="127.0.0.1"</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Restart the Midonet Cluster so the rest_api parameters take effect:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>systemctl restart midonet-cluster.service</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>

    </task>
    <task id="install_midokura_midolman">
        <title>Install Midolman on <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
            components</title>
        <shortdesc>This topic describes how to install the Midolman agent.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>Midolman is the MidoNet Agent, which is a daemon that runs on all hosts where
                traffic enters and leaves MidoNet. The Midolman agent is required on the Cloud
                Controller (CLC), Node Controllers (NCs), and any host that is a MidoNet Gateway
                node (e.g., UFS).<p><b>To install Midolman agent</b></p></context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Edit the <codeph>/etc/midolman/midolman.conf</codeph> file to set the
                        ZooKeeper host IP(s). Replace ZOOKEEPER_HOST_IP in the following
                        example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>[zookeeper]
zookeeper_hosts = ZOOKEEPER_HOST_IP:2181
root_key = /midonet/v1</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enable and start Midolman:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>systemctl enable midolman.service
systemctl start midolman.service</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Configure a Midolman resource usage template.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>For large <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> clouds, use
                            the agent-compute-large template. For standard (small or medium) <ph
                                conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> clouds, use the
                            default template. For gateway nodes, use the agent-gateway
                            templates.</p>
                        <p>
                            <note type="tip">For production environments, large templates are
                                recommended.</note>
                        </p>
                        <p>See the <xref
                                href="http://docs.midokura.com/docs/v5.2/en/quick-start-guide/rhel-7_kilo-rdo/content/_midolman_installation.html"
                                format="html" scope="external">Midolman Installation
                                documentation</xref> for more information.</p>
                        <draft-comment author="mereditk">Check MidoNet version # and doc paths each release - match
                            the compat matrix for the release! NOTE that Midokura changes doc repo frequently.
                            GLOBAL SEARCH on "docs.midokura.com" across all docs.</draft-comment>
                    </info>
                    <substeps>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Choose the Midolman resource usage template name, based on the size
                                and type of installation:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>agent-compute-large
agent-compute-medium
agent-gateway-large
agent-gateway-medium
default</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                        <substep>
                            <cmd>Run this command, replacing <codeph>TEMPLATE_NAME</codeph> with
                                your chosen template:</cmd>
                            <info>
                                <codeblock>mn-conf template-set -h local -t TEMPLATE_NAME</codeblock>
                            </info>
                        </substep>
                    </substeps>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    <task id="install_midokura_tunnel">
        <title>Create a tunnel zone in MidoNet and add hosts</title>
        <shortdesc>This topic describes how to create a MidoNet tunnel zone.</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context>In MidoNet, a tunnel zone is an isolation zone for hosts. 
                Physical hosts that are members of a given tunnel zone communicate directly
                with one another and establish network tunnels as needed, and on demand. These
                network tunnels are used to transport overlay traffic (e.g., inter-VM communication)
                and isolate the underlying physical network communication (i.e., inter-physical
                hosts communication). On a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
                deployment, one MidoNet tunnel zone is expected with the IP address on the physical
                network designated to carry VM traffic being used when configuring its members. <ph
                    conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> accepts the following tunnel zone names:<ul>
                    <li>eucatz</li>
                    <li>euca-tz</li>
                    <li>midotz</li>
                    <li>mido-tz</li>
                </ul><p>For more information, see <xref
                        href="http://docs.midokura.com/docs/v5.2/en/operations-guide/content/tunnel_zones.html"
                        format="html" scope="external">What are Tunnel Zones?</xref></p>
                <p><b>To create a tunnel zone in MidoNet</b></p></context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Log into the MidoNet shell. For example:</cmd>
                    <info><codeblock>midonet-cli -A --midonet-url=http://127.0.0.1:8080/midonet-api
</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Create a GRE tunnel zone:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>[root@clcfrontend mido-docs]# midonet-cli -A --midonet-url=http://127.0.0.1:8080/midonet-api
midonet> tunnel-zone add name eucatz type gre
midonet> tunnel-zone list
tzone tzone0 name eucatz type gre
midonet> host list
host host0 name node1 alive true
host host1 name clcfrontend alive true
host host2 name node2 alive true</codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>You should see a host listed for each of your Node Controllers and for
                            your User Facing Service host; if not, check the
                                <codeph>/var/log/midolman/midolman.log</codeph> log file on the
                            missing hosts to ensure there are no error messages.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After verifying all your hosts are listed, add each host to your tunnel
                        zone as follows. Replace HOST_N_IP with the IP of your Node Controller or
                        User Facing Service host that you used to register the component with
                        <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>midonet> tunnel-zone tzone0 add member host host0 address HOST_0_IP
midonet> tunnel-zone tzone0 add member host host1 address HOST_1_IP
midonet> tunnel-zone tzone0 add member host host2 address HOST_2_IP</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <postreq>You are now ready to install and configure <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> to use this MidoNet installation.</postreq>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
<task id="zookeeper_config">
    <title>Additional ZooKeeper Configuration</title>
    <shortdesc>Ongoing data directory cleanup is required for ZooKeeper.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
        <draft-comment author="mereditk">This should be moved to the Admin Guide when networking
                    docs are rearranged further.</draft-comment>
        </context>
<steps>
    <step>
        <cmd>The following parameters should be added in <filepath>/etc/zookeeper/zoo.cfg</filepath> for 
            automatic purging of the snapshots and corresponding transaction logs:</cmd>
        <info>
            <codeblock>autopurge.snapRetainCount=3  # The number of snapshots to retain in dataDir
autopurge.purgeInterval=1  # Purge task interval in hours</codeblock>
            <draft-comment author="mereditk">Check ZooKeeper version # and doc paths each release - match
                the compat matrix for the release!</draft-comment>
            <p>For more information, see <xref
                                href="http://zookeeper.apache.org/doc/r3.4.8/zookeeperAdmin.html#Ongoing+Data+Directory+Cleanup"
                                format="html" scope="external">ZooKeeper Admin Guide, Ongoing Data Directory Cleanup</xref>.</p>
        </info>
    </step>
</steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>

</task>
