<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="install_midonet_component_topology">
 <title>MidoNet Component Topology</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic lists topology recommendations for installing Midokura Enterprise MidoNet.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <note importance="high">See <xref href="preparing_vpc_midonet.dita"/> for more
   information on MidoNet.</note>
  <ul>
    <li>The midonet-api must run co-located with the <ph
          conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Cloud Controller (CLC).</li>
   <li>Each Node Controller (NC) must run a Midolman agent.</li>
   <li>The Cloud Controller (CLC) must run a Midolman agent.</li>
   <li>It is recommended that your User Facing Services (UFS) host be used as the MidoNet Gateway
        (i.e., running a Midolman agent) when configuring <ph
          conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>.</li>
    <li>The network interface(s) specified as <codeph>ExternalDevice</codeph>* (in the
      <codeph>network.json</codeph> configuration file) should be dedicated for <ph
          conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>/MidoNet (for
        configuration/operation/use).</li>
    <li><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>/MidoNet expects exclusive use of the
        network interface specified in <codeph>ExternalDevice</codeph>.</li>
    <li>If the main network interface of a server is specified in <codeph>ExternalDevice</codeph>,
        most likely the connectivity to that server will be lost once <ph
          conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> is deployed. <ul>
          <li>If you have only one interface on your host, then you need to follow the instructions
            from Midokura on setting up a veth pair so that MidoNet can take over a virtual
            interface rather than a physical one, as in this example (for <ph
              conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> installs, you can skip step 6, "Create
            a port on the MidoNet Provider Router..." in the <xref
              href="http://docs.midokura.com/docs/v5.2/en/operations-guide/content/static_setup.html"
              format="html" scope="external">Midokura Static Setup instructions</xref>).
              <draft-comment author="mereditk">Check MidoNet version # and doc paths each release -
              match the compat matrix for the release! NOTE that Midokura changes doc repo
              frequently. GLOBAL SEARCH on "docs.midokura.com" across all docs.</draft-comment></li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
   <p>* In <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.4, <codeph>ExternalDevice</codeph> replaces <codeph>GatewayInterface</codeph> in
      4.3 and prior releases.</p>
  <section>
    <title><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 Network JSON Example</title>
    <note>This <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 version of the VPCMIDO
          <codeph>network.json</codeph> file is still accepted, however we strongly encourage use of
        the updated <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.4 template instead. See
          <xref href="nw_vpmido.dita#nw_vpcmido_overview"/>.</note>
    <p>The following <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 network JSON template
        file shows a sample VPCMIDO mode configuration:</p>
    <draft-comment>Useful to ensure JSON is valid: http://jsonparseronline.com/</draft-comment>
   <codeblock>
{
  "InstanceDnsServers": [
    "UFS_HOST"
  ],
  "Mido": {
    "EucanetdHost": "clcfrontend",
    "GatewayHost": "ufsfrontend",
    "GatewayIP": "172.19.0.2",
    "GatewayInterface": "veth1",
    "PublicGatewayIP": "172.19.0.1",
    "PublicNetworkCidr": "172.19.0.0/30"
  },
  "Mode": "VPCMIDO",
  "PublicIps": [
    "PUBLIC_IPS"
  ]
}</codeblock>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
