<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="install_euca_release_ha">
	<title>Install Eucalyptus from Release Packages</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<taskbody>
		<context>
			
			<p>To install Eucalyptus on servers running CentOS 6 or RHEL 6:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the Eucalyptus package repository on each host
					that will run a Eucalyptus component:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>/centos/6/x86_64/eucalyptus-release-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this
						package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the Euca2ools package repository on each host
					that will run a Eucalyptus component or Euca2ools:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/euca2ools/<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"/>/centos/6/x86_64/euca2ools-release-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_version_short"/>.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this
						package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the EPEL package repository on each host that
					will run a Eucalyptus component or Euca2ools: </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>/centos/6/x86_64/epel-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this
						package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the ELRepo repository on each host that will run
					Walrus: </cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/eucalyptus/<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>/centos/6/x86_64/elrepo-release-6.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this
						package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>For RHEL 6 systems, you must enable the
					Optional repository in Red Hat Network for each NC, as
					follows:</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Go to <xref format="html"
							href="http://rhn.redhat.com"
							>http://rhn.redhat.com</xref> and navigate to
							the system that will run the NC.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Alter Channel
							Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Make sure the <uicontrol>RHEL Server
							Optional</uicontrol> checkbox is checked.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Change
							Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>If you are not a Eucalyptus subscriber, skip this step. If
					you are a Eucalyptus subscriber, you should have received an
					rpm package file containing subscription-only components.
					Install the Eucalyptus subscription package on each host
					that will run a Eucalyptus component, as follows:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-release-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_short"/>*.noarch.rpm</codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this
						package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>If you are a Eucalyptus subscriber and use VMware Broker, install the
					VMware Broker packages on the host that will run your
					Cluster Controller (CC), as follows:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker eucalyptus-enterprise-vmware-broker-libs </codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this
						package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<note>Clouds that use the VMware hypervisor do not have NCs; if
					you plan to use VMware then skip this step. </note>
				<cmd> </cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd> Install the Eucalyptus node controller software on
							each planned NC host: </cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Check that the KVM device node has proper
							permissions.</cmd>
						
						<info>
							<p>Run the following command:</p>
							<codeblock>ls -l /dev/kvm</codeblock>
						</info>
						<info>
							<p>Verify the output shows that the device node is
								owned by user root and group kvm.</p>
							<codeblock>crw-rw-rw- 1 root kvm 10, 232 Nov 30 10:27 /dev/kvm</codeblock>
						</info>
						<info>
							<p>If your kvm device node does not have proper
								permissions, you need to reboot your NC
								host.</p>
						</info>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			<step>
				<note>Skip this step ff you plan to use VMware.</note>
				<cmd>If you plan to run in <xref href="planning_edge.dita">Edge networking mode</xref>, install
					the package for Edge support on each planned NC host.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-eucanet</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On each planned CLC host, install the Eucalyptus cloud controller software.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cloud</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install the software for the remaining Eucalyptus
					components. The following example shows most components
					being installed on the same host. We recommend that you use
					different hosts for each component:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you would like Load Balancer
					support enabled in your Cloud, you
					will need to install the Load Balancer
					image package on the machine hosting
					the primary CLC:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-load-balancer-image</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>If you are a subscriber and use SAN, run the appropriate
					command for your device on each machine hosting a CLC:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>For EMC SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-emc-libs</codeblock>
					<p>For EqualLogic SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-equallogic-libs</codeblock>
					<p>For NetApp SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-netapp-libs</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>If you are a subscriber and use SAN, run the appropriate
					command for your device on each machine hosting a SC:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>For EMC SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-emc</codeblock>
					<note type="important">To use Eucalyptus with EMC SAN
						support, you must have the
						<codeph>NaviCLI-Linux-64-latest.rpm</codeph> package
						installed on each SC. This package is not supplied with
						Eucalyptus, please see your SAN vendor if it is not
						already installed.</note>
					<p>For EqualLogic SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-equallogic</codeblock>
					<p>For NetApp SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-netapp</codeblock>
				</info>
				
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>After you have installed Eucalyptus, test multicast
					connectivity between each CLC and Walrus, SC, and VMware
					broker host.</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Clone the Eucalyptus <codeph>deveutils</codeph> repository</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>git clone https://github.com/eucalyptus/deveutils</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Run the <codeph>network-tomography</codeph> tool on the Cloud Controller, 
							Cluster Controller, Storage Controller, and any machines running Walrus or 
							VMware Broker, passing a list of IP addresses for each of these machines.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>cd deveutils/network-tomography
./network-tomography 192.168.51.174 192.168.51.196 192.168.51.86 192.168.51.99</codeblock>
							This tool may take up to an hour to run. Check the output for reports of packet 
							loss. If there is significant packet loss, ensure that your network is available
							and multicast enabled.</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Repeat these tasks with the secondary controllers. </cmd>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
		</steps>
		
		<result>Your installation is complete.</result>
		<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita"
			>Configure Eucalyptus</xref>.</postreq>
	</taskbody>
</task>
