<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="install_euca_release">
	<title>Install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Release Packages</title>
	<shortdesc>To install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> from release packages, perform the tasks listed in this topic.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<context><b>To install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> from release packages</b></context>		
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> package repository on each host machine that will run a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					service:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/eucalyptus_download"/></codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>(Optional) If you are a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> subscriber, you will receive two RPM package files
					containing your license for subscription-only services. Install these packages
					on each host machine that will run a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> service.
					Install the license files to access the enterprise repository.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-license*.noarch.rpm <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/euca_subscription_download"/></codeblock>
						</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the Euca2ools package repository on each host machine that will run a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					service or Euca2ools:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/euca2ools_download"/></codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Configure the EPEL package repository on each host machine that will run a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					service or Euca2ools:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/epel_download"/></codeblock>
					<p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted to install this package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>If you are installing on RHEL 6, you must enable the Optional repository in Red Hat
					Network for each NC, as follows:</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Go to <xref format="html" href="http://rhn.redhat.com">http://rhn.redhat.com</xref>
							and navigate to the system that will run the NC.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Alter Channel Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Make sure the <uicontrol>RHEL Server Optional</uicontrol> checkbox is
							checked.</cmd>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Click <uicontrol>Change Subscriptions</uicontrol>.</cmd>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			
		
			<step>
				<cmd>The following steps should be performed on each NC host machine.</cmd>
				<substeps>
					
					<substep>
						<cmd>Install the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Node Controller software on each NC host:</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-nc</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Remove the default libvirt network. This step allows the eucanetd dhcpd server to start.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>virsh net-destroy default
virsh net-autostart default --disable</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Check that the KVM device node has proper permissions.</cmd>

						<info>
							<p>Run the following command:</p>
							<codeblock>ls -l /dev/kvm</codeblock>
						</info>
						<info>
							<p>Verify the output shows that the device node is owned by user root and group
								kvm.</p>
							<codeblock>crw-rw-rw- 1 root kvm 10, 232 Nov 30 10:27 /dev/kvm</codeblock>
						</info>
						<info>
							<p>If your kvm device node does not have proper permissions, you need to reboot your
								NC host.</p>
						</info>
					</substep>
				</substeps>
			</step>
			
			<step>
				<cmd>On each CLC host machine, install the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Cloud Controller software.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cloud</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>		
<!--The following step is a temporary fix for DOC-1768. WATCH the design decision on EUCA-11900 for the longer-term solution.
-->			<step>
				<note>The VPCMIDO network mode currently requires nginx to be installed on the CLC.</note>
				<cmd>(Optional) If you are using VPCMIDO network mode, install the nginx package with the following command on the CLC:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install nginx</codeblock>
				</info>
				<info>This installs nginx for metadata support.</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install the backend service image package on the machine hosting the CLC:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-service-image</codeblock>
				</info>
				<stepresult>This installs worker images for both the load balancer and imaging services.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the UFS host machine, install the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Cloud Controller software.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cloud</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>(Optional) On the UFS host machine, also install the Management Console.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucaconsole</codeblock>
				</info>
				<stepresult>The Management Console can run on any host machine, even one that does not have other <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services. 
					For more information, see the <xref href="../console-guide/index.dita#welcome"
					>Console Guide</xref>.</stepresult>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Install the software for the remaining <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services. The following example shows
					services being installed on the same host machine. We recommend that you use a different
					host machine for each service, when possible:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-cc eucalyptus-sc eucalyptus-walrus</codeblock>
				</info>
				<info>This installs the cloud controller (CC), storage controller (SC), and Walrus Backend services.</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>(Optional) If you are a subscriber and use a SAN, run the appropriate command for your device on each
					CLC host machine:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>For HP 3PAR SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-threepar-libs</codeblock>
					<p>For NetApp SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-netapp-libs</codeblock>
					<p>For Dell EqualLogic SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-equallogic-libs</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step props="subscribe">
				<cmd>(Optional) If you are a subscriber and use a SAN, run the appropriate command for your device on each SC
					host machine:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>For HP 3PAR SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-threepar</codeblock>
					<p>For NetApp SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-netapp</codeblock>
					<p>For Dell EqualLogic SAN:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-equallogic</codeblock>
				</info>

			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>After you have installed <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>, test multicast connectivity between each CLC and
					Walrus, and SC.</cmd>
				<substeps>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Install the network tomography package on the Cloud Controller, Cluster Controller,
							Storage Controller, and any host machines running a Walrus backend
							service.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>yum install --nogpgcheck http://downloads.eucalyptus.com/software/tools/centos/6/x86_64/network-tomography-1.0.0-3.el6.x86_64.rpm</codeblock>
						</info>
					</substep>
					<substep>
						<cmd>Run the <codeph>network-tomography</codeph> tool on the Cloud Controller, Cluster
							Controller, Storage Controller, and any host machines running a Walrus
							backend service, passing a list of IP addresses for each of these host
							machines.</cmd>
						<info>
							<codeblock>/usr/bin/network-tomography 192.168.51.174 192.168.51.196 192.168.51.86 
192.168.51.99</codeblock>
							This tool may take up to an hour to run. Check the output for reports of packet loss.
							If there is significant packet loss, ensure that your network is available and
							multicast enabled.</info>
					</substep>

				</substeps>
			</step>
		</steps>

		<result>Your package installation is complete.</result>
		<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="configuring_euca.dita"></xref>.</postreq>
	</taskbody>
</task>
