<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_template">
    <!--    This concept template to be used for conceptual or overview information. -->    
    <title>Install Repositories</title>
    <shortdesc>This section guides you through installing Eucalyptus from RPM package
        downloads.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>installation</indexterm>
                <keyword>Install Eucalyptus</keyword>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>The first step to installing Eucalyptus is to download the RPM packages. The following
            terminology might help you as you proceed through this section. </p>
        <p>When you're ready, continue to <xref
                href="installing_euca_software_signing.dita#installing_software_signing"/>.</p>
        <section>
            <term>Eucalyptus open source software</term>
            <p>Eucalyptus release packages include the freely available components, which enable you
                to deploy a Eucalyptus cloud.</p>
            <term>Eucalyptus enterprise software</term>
            <p>Paid subscribers have access to additional software features (for example, SAN
                support). If you are a subscriber, you receive an entitlement certificate and a
                private key that allow you to download Eucalyptus subscription software. You will
                also receive a GPG public key to be used to verify the software integrity.</p>
            <term>Euca2ools CLI</term>
            <p>Euca2ools is the Eucalyptus command line interface for interacting with web services.
                It is compatible with many Amazon AWS services, so can be used with Eucalyptus as
                well as AWS.</p>
            <term>RPM and YUM and software signing</term>
            <p>Eucalyptus CentOS and RHEL download packages are in RPM (Red Hat Package Manager)
                format and use the YUM package management tool. We use GPG keys to sign our software
                packages and package repositories. </p>
            <term>EPEL software</term>
            <p>EPEL (Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux) are free, open source software, which is
                fully separated from licensed RHEL distribution. It requires its own package.</p>
            <term>Network tomography</term>
            <p>The network tomography package allows the Eucalyptus software to understand the cloud
                network, once all the software packages have been installed.</p>
            <!--            REVIEWERS: Help me understand where the network tomography package belongs in the new Install Guide structure. Assume networking?
-->
            <term>Nightly releases</term>
            <p>Eucalyptus nightly packages are the latest Eucalyptus builds, which are available for
                early testing or development work. Nightlies should not be used in production.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
