<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="install_midonet_prereqs">
 <title>Prerequisites</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic discusses the prerequisites for installing Midokura Enterprise
      MidoNet.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
   <p><note type="important"><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/compat_matrix"/></note></p>
   <p>You need to configure software repositories and install Network State Database (NSDB) services: ZooKeeper and Cassandra.</p>
  <section>
   <title>Repository Access</title>
    <p>In order to use MidoNet with <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> you need
      access credentials to the Midokura repositories. <xref href="mailto:sales@midokura.com" scope="external" format="email"
        >Contact Midokura Sales</xref> for access.</p>
   <p>Create <codeph>/etc/yum.repos.d/midokura.repo</codeph> on all host machines that will run
        MidoNet components including ZooKeeper and Cassandra. For example:</p>
    <draft-comment author="mereditk">Check MidoNet version # for software and gpgkey - Midokura changes often.</draft-comment>
   <codeblock>[midokura]
name=MidoRepo
baseurl=http://USERNAME:PASSWORD@repo.midokura.com/mem-5.2/stable/el7/
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://repo.midokura.com/midorepo.key</codeblock>
    <p>See <xref
          href="http://docs.midokura.com/docs/v5.2/en/quick-start-guide/rhel-7_kilo-rdo/content/_repository_configuration.html"
          format="html" scope="external">MidoNet Repository Configuration</xref>.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>ZooKeeper</title>
    <p>MidoNet uses Apache ZooKeeper to store critical path data about the virtual and physical network topology.</p>
    <draft-comment author="mereditk">Check MidoNet version # and doc paths each release - 
      match the compat matrix for the release! NOTE that Midokura changes doc repo frequently.</draft-comment>
   <p>For a simple single-server installation, install ZooKeeper on any server that is IP accessible
        from all Midolman agents (for example: on the CLC host machine itself). You can also cluster
        ZooKeeper for fault tolerance. See <xref
          href="http://docs.midokura.com/docs/v5.2/en/quick-start-guide/rhel-7_kilo-rdo/content/_zookeeper_installation.html"
          format="html" scope="external">MidoNet NSDB ZooKeeper Installation</xref>.</p>
    <p>Enable and start the ZooKeeper service before installing the other MidoNet services.</p>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Cassandra</title>
    <p>MidoNet uses Apache Cassandra to store flow state information.</p>
    <draft-comment author="mereditk">Check MidoNet version # and doc paths each release - match
      the compat matrix for the release! NOTE that Midokura changes doc repo frequently.
      GLOBAL SEARCH on "docs.midokura.com" across all docs.</draft-comment>
   <p>For a simple single-server installation, install Cassandra on any server that is IP accessible
        from all Midolman agents (for example: on the CLC host machine itself). You can also cluster
        Cassandra for fault tolerance. See <xref
     href="http://docs.midokura.com/docs/v5.2/en/quick-start-guide/rhel-7_kilo-rdo/content/_cassandra_installation.html"
          format="html" scope="external">MidoNet NSDB Cassandra Installation</xref>.</p>
    <p>Enable and start the Cassandra service before installing the other MidoNet services.</p>
<!--  Datastax docs not needed:  
      <p>To install Cassandra, see the documentation for Cassandra <xref
      href="http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/2.2/cassandra/install/installRHEL.html"
      format="html" scope="external">installation</xref> and <xref
        href="http://docs.datastax.com/en/cassandra/2.2/cassandra/initialize/initSingleDS.html"
        format="html" scope="external">configuration</xref>.</p>
    FOR TECH WRITERS: Other interesting reference docs:
    http://docs.midokura.com/docs/v5.2/en/quick-start-guide/rhel-7_kilo-rdo/content/_hosts_and_services.html
    https://docs.midonet.org/docs/v5.2/en/reference-architecture/content/zookeeper.html
    https://docs.midonet.org/docs/v5.2/en/reference-architecture/content/cassandra.html
    https://docs.midonet.org/
    -->
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
