<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">

<task id="enable_netapp_clustered_san" props="subscribe">
        <title>Enable NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP</title>
        <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure the NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN block
        storage backend on the Storage Controller (SC).</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
             <prereq>This task assumes the following: <ul>
                <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this section.</li>
                <li>The SC must be installed, registered, and running.</li>
                <li>You must execute the steps below as a Eucalyptus administrator.</li>
                <li>You must have a paid subscription to Eucalyptus in order to use a SAN
                    backend.</li>
                    <li>Eucalyptus integrates with NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN by operating
                        against a Vserver. SC must be conﬁgured to operate against Vserver contained
                        in the NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP environment.</li>
                </ul><p>For more information on NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP, see <xref
                        href="http://www.netapp.com/us/system/pdf-reader.aspx?m=tr-3982.pdf&amp;cc=us"
                        scope="external" format="pdf">NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP: An
                        Introduction</xref>.</p>
            </prereq>  
            <!--    This "To ... " context states what we are trying to accomplish via the steps in this task. -->        
            <context><b>To configure NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP block storage on the SC</b></context>

            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify Clustered Data ONTAP version for the SAN is 8.1.1 or
                        later.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Verify that FlexClone and iSCSI licenses are installed on the SAN.
                    </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Verify that a Vserver with iSCSI data protocol is available for use by
                        Eucalyptus. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that Vserver administration is delegated to a user with administrative privileges
                        for that Vserver. If not, create a new Vserver administrator account for
                        use by Eucalyptus. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Verify that a management (only) Logical Interface (LIF) is configured
                        for the Vserver and an IP address or hostname is assigned to it. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Verify that data LIFs are configured on the Vserver. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Verify that one or more aggregates with sufficient spare capacity
                        exists. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the network connectivity between Eucalyptus components and the
                        Vserver. The SC must be able communicate with the Vserver over both
                        management and data LIFs. The NC must be able to communicate with the
                        Vserver using the data LIFs. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Configure the SC to use the NetApp SAN for storage: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock>
                        <p>The output of the command should be similar to:</p>
                        <codeblock>PROPERTY &lt;partition>.storage.blockstoragemanager netapp was &lt;unset></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'netapp' </cmd>
                    <info><codeblock>euctl | grep blockstorage </codeblock></info>
                </step>
                <step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to NOTREADY or DISABLED states. </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>On the CLC, enable NetApp SAN support in Eucalyptus by entering the
                        Vserver's hostname or IP address, the username and password of the
                        administrator account, CHAP username and Vserver name. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>Eucalyptus uses Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
                            for disk operations. The CHAP username can be any value, however it
                            should be unique when sharing a NetApp Vserver across multiple
                            Eucalyptus clusters.</note>
                        <note>CHAP support for NetApp has been added in Eucalyptus 3.3. The SC
                            will not transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is
                            conﬁgured.</note>
                        <codeblock>euctl &lt;partition>.storage.sanhost=&lt;Vserver_IP_address>
euctl &lt;partition>.storage.sanuser=&lt;Vserver_admin_username>
euctl &lt;partition>.storage.sanpassword=&lt;Vserver_admin_password>
euctl &lt;partition>.storage.chapuser=&lt;Chap_username></codeblock>
                        <note> The following command may fail if tried immediately after
                            conﬁguring the block storage manager. Retry the command a few times,
                            pausing for a few seconds after each retry: </note>
                        <codeblock>euctl &lt;partition>.storage.vservername=&lt;Vserver_name></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> Wait for the SC to transition to ENABLED state. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>The SC must be in the ENABLED state before configuring the
                            following properties.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd> If no aggregate is set, Eucalyptus will query the NetApp Vserver for
                        all available aggregates and use the one that has the highest capacity
                        (free space) by default. To make Eucalyptus use specific aggregate(s)
                        configure the following property: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl &lt;partition>.storage.aggregate=&lt;aggregate_1_name,
								aggregate_2_name,...></codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>If you want Eucalyptus to use the smallest aggregate first configure
                            the following property: </p>
                        <codeblock>euctl &lt;partition>.storage.uselargestaggregate=false</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set an IP address for the iSCSI data LIF on the ENABLED CLC. This is
                        used for NCs performing disk operations on the Vserver.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl &lt;partition>.storage.ncpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set an IP address for the iSCSI data LIF on the ENABLED CLC. This is
                        used by the SC for performing disk operations on the Vserver. The SC
                        connects to the data LIFs on the Vserver in order to transfer snapshots
                        to Walrus during snapshot operations.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl &lt;partition>.storage.scpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>Your NetApp Clustered Data ONTAP SAN backend is now ready to use with
                Eucalyptus.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
