<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">

<task id="enable_netapp_7mode_san" props="subscribe">
        <title>Enable NetApp Data ONTAP 7-mode</title>
        <shortdesc>This topic describes how to configure the NetApp Data ONTAP 7-mode SAN block
        storage backend for the Storage Controller (SC).</shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <prereq><b>Prerequisites</b><ul>
                    <li>Successful completion of all the install sections prior to this
                        section.</li>
                    <li>The SC must be installed, registered, and running.</li>
                    <li>You must have a paid subscription to Eucalyptus in order to use a SAN
                        backend.</li>
                    <li>You must have a functioning NetApp Data ONTAP 7-mode device available to Eucalyptus cloud.</li>
                    <li>You must execute the steps below as a Eucalyptus administrator.</li>
            </ul>
            </prereq>   
            <!--    This "To ... " context states what we are trying to accomplish via the steps in this task. -->        
            <context><b>To configure NetApp Data ONTAP 7-mode block storage for the SC</b></context>
           
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify Data ONTAP version for the 7-mode Filer is 8.1.2 or later.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify SSL access by typing <codeph>secureadmin status</codeph></cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If SSL is marked inactive, enable with <codeph>secureadmin setup
                        ssl</codeph> and generate a new certificate.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Turn on SSL access with <codeph>options httpd.admin.ssl.enable
                        on</codeph></cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enable the iSCSI service on the NetApp device with <codeph>option
                        iscsi.enable on</codeph> or <codeph>option
                            licensed_feature.iscsi.enable on</codeph> if you have an embedded
                        license on your array.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Turn on the iSCSI service with <codeph>iscsi start</codeph></cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Enable the iSCSI service on the NetApp device with <codeph>enable iscsi
                        service</codeph></cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that an aggregate with sufficient spare capacity exists.</cmd>
                    <choices>
                        <choice>If you have SSH access to the NetApp Filer, enter <codeph>aggr
                            show_space</codeph>.</choice>
                        <choice>If an aggregate with spare capacity does not exist, create one
                            using the <codeph>aggr create</codeph> command.</choice>
                    </choices>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that you have a license for FlexClone installed. At the shell
                        prompt, enter <codeph>license</codeph> to see the list of all installed
                        licenses.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that administrator account credentials for NetApp Filer are
                        available to be configured in Eucalyptus. If not, create a new
                        administrator account for use by Eucalyptus </cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Configure the SC to use the NetappManager for storage.</cmd>
                    <info>
                    <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager=netapp</codeblock> The
                    output of the command should be similar to:
                    <codeblock>PROPERTY	[zone].storage.blockstoragemanager	netapp was &lt;unset></codeblock>
                </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that the property value is now: 'netapp'</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.blockstoragemanager</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step conref="../shared/shared_task.dita#shared_task/verify_sc">
                    <cmd/>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to the NOTREADY or DISABLED state.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>On the CLC, enable NetApp SAN support in Eucalyptus by entering the
                        Filer's hostname or IP address, the username and password of the
                        administrator account, and CHAP username. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>Eucalyptus uses Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
                            for disk operations. The CHAP username can be any value, however it
                            should be unique when sharing a NetApp Filer across multiple
                            Eucalyptus clusters. </note>
                        <note>CHAP support for NetApp has been added in Eucalyptus 3.3. An SC
                            will not transition to ENABLED state until the CHAP username is
                            conﬁgured. </note>
                        <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.sanhost=&lt;Filer_IP_address>
euctl [zone].storage.sanuser=&lt;Filer_admin_username>
euctl [zone].storage.sanpassword=&lt;Filer_admin_password>
euctl [zone].storage.chapuser=&lt;Chap_username></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Wait for the SC to transition to the ENABLED state.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>The SC must be in the ENABLED state before configuring the
                            following properties.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If no aggregate is set, Eucalyptus will query the NetApp Filer for all
                        available aggregates and use the one that has the highest capacity (free
                        space) by default. To make Eucalyptus use specific aggregate(s)
                        configure the following property: </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.aggregate=&lt;aggregate_1_name,aggregate_2_name,...></codeblock>
                    </info>
                    <info>
                        <p>If you want Eucalyptus to use the smallest aggregate first configure
                            the following property: </p>
                        <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.uselargestaggregate=false</codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set the iSCSI data IP on the ENABLED CLC. This IP is used by NCs to
                        perform disk operations on the Filer. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>Filer IP address can be used as the data port IP. If this is not
                            set, Eucalyptus will automatically use the Filer IP
                            address/hostname.</note>
                        <note>Eucalyptus does not support Multipath I/O for NetApp 7-mode
                            Filers. </note>
                        <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.ncpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Set the iSCSI data IP on the ENABLED CLC. This IP is used by the SC to
                        perform disk operations on the Filer. The SC connects to the Filer in
                        order to transfer snapshots to Walrus during snapshot operations. </cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note>The Filer IP address can be used as the data port IP. If this is
                            not set, Eucalyptus will automatically use the Filer IP
                            address/hostname.</note>
                        <note>Eucalyptus does not support Multipath I/O for NetApp 7-mode
                            Filers. </note>
                        <codeblock>euctl [zone].storage.scpaths=&lt;ip></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>Your NetApp Data ONTAP 7-mode SAN backend is now ready to use with
            Eucalyptus.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
 
