<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="nodeadmin-pack-instance">
	<title>nodeadmin-pack-instance</title>

		<shortdesc>The nodeadmin-pack-instance command allows you to migrate instances offline from one
			Node Controller (NC) to another. It packs an instance from libvirt and places the output
			artifacts into a packed file.</shortdesc>
	
	<refbody>
		<section>
			<title>Syntax</title>
			<codeblock>nodeadmin-pack-instance [-h] (--all | -i INSTANCE)
				[-o OUTPUT_DIRECTORY] [--shutdown] [--verbose]
				[--no-compression] --sc-host-port SC_HOST_PORT
			</codeblock>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Options</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="20*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="70*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="10*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry align="center">Option</entry>
							<entry align="center">Description</entry>
							<entry align="center">Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					
					<tbody>
						
						<row id="help">
							<entry><codeph>-h,--help</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Display the manual page for the command.</entry>
							<entry>No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--all</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Pack all the instances on the node controller (NC). <p>* Must specify one option: all
									or a specific instance.</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>Yes *</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-i INSTANCE, --instance INSTANCE</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Name of the source instance to pack and the name of the output file. <p>* Must specify
									one option: all or a specific instance.</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>Yes *</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>-o OUTPUT_DIRECTORY, --output-directory OUTPUT_DIRECTORY</codeph></entry>
							<entry>Location to store the resulting packed file(s).
								<p>If you do not specify an output directory, the default is where you run the command.</p>
							</entry>
							<entry>No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--shutdown</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The default is to suspend the instance during the pack operation. If
							you want to shut down the instance before packing, include this option.</entry>
							<entry>No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--verbose</codeph></entry>
							<entry>If you want to see more details and progress during the pack operation,
								include this option.</entry>
							<entry>No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--no-compression</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The default is to compress the packed output to minimize the file size. However, 
								this takes more time. If time is more important than output size, include this
								option.</entry>
							<entry>No</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph>--sc-host-port SC_HOST_PORT</codeph></entry>
							<entry>The host and port of the Storage Controller (SC). One per zone.<p>To find these, run
									from the CLC: <codeph>euserv-describe-services --filter
										service-type=storage --expert</codeph></p></entry>
							<entry>Yes</entry>
						</row>						
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Environment Variables</title>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colwidth="20*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="70*"/>
					<colspec colwidth="10*"/>
					
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry align="center">Variable</entry>
							<entry align="center">Description</entry>
							<entry align="center">Required</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					
					<tbody>						
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>EUCALYPTUS</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Path to the root of the Eucalyptus installation, which is system root
								<codeph>/</codeph> for a package-based installation, must be set
								so that the cryptographic credentials can be found.
								<p>Default: <filepath>EUCALYPTUS=/</filepath></p></entry>
							<entry>Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>AXIS2C_HOME</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>Axis2 libraries home.
								<p>Default: <filepath>AXIS2C_HOME=/usr/lib64/axis2c</filepath></p></entry>
							<entry>Yes</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry><codeph><i>LD_LIBRARY_PATH</i></codeph></entry>
							<entry>The dynamic library search path must be set to include several Axis2 libraries.
								<p>Default: <filepath>LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$AXIS2C_HOME/lib:$AXIS2C_HOME/modules/rampart</filepath></p></entry>
							<entry>Yes</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>						
		
<!-- Common options do not apply to these commands (at least not in 4.3.0 release).
			<section conref="../shared/euca-common.dita#euca-common/euca_common_options"/>-->

		<section>
			<title>Output</title>
			<p><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> returns a message stating that the instance was packed and output
				to the directory you specified.</p>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>Examples</title>
			<p>To pack all the instances on the NC and output in <filepath>/root/myinstances</filepath>:</p>
			<codeblock>nodeadmin-pack-instance --all -o /root/myinstances --sc-host-port 203.0.113.13:8773</codeblock>
			<p>Or, to pack a specific instance:</p>
			<codeblock>nodeadmin-pack-instance -i i-0a24a959 -o /root/myinstances --sc-host-port 203.0.113.13:8773</codeblock>
			<p>To set environment variables:</p>
			<codeblock>export EUCALYPTUS=/
export AXIS2C_HOME=/usr/lib64/axis2c
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$AXIS2C_HOME/lib:$AXIS2C_HOME/modules/rampart</codeblock>
		</section>
		
		<section>
			<title>About nodeadmin-pack-instance</title>
			<p>The nodeadmin-pack-instance command makes the following changes to the instance
				artifacts in the <filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/instances/work/ACCOUNT_KEY_ID/INSTANCE_ID</filepath> directory:
			<ol>
				<li>Dumps RAM to disk in a file named
					<filepath>INSTANCE_ID-ram.save</filepath>.</li>
				<li>For each block device found in the libvirt configuration defined by 
					<filepath>instance-libvirt.xml</filepath> and <filepath>instance.xml</filepath>:
					<ol>
						<li>Uses the "dd" command to save the entire device state to a <filepath>*-block.save</filepath> file.</li>
						<li>Changes symbolic links such as 
							"link-to-vda" to "/dev/mapper/euca-..." to "link-to-vda.orig" 
							and a new link such as "link-to-vda" creates a <filepath>*-block.save</filepath> file.</li>
						<li>Updates <filepath>instance-libvirt.xml</filepath> to change the block device to a file device.</li>
					</ol>
				</li>
				<li>Appends the original <filepath>instance-libvirt.xml</filepath> with
						<filepath>.orig</filepath> and saves a new version.</li>
			</ol></p>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>If nodeadmin-pack-instance fails</title>
			<p>In case of failure, you can roll back manually: 
				<ol>
					<li>Delete all <filepath>link-to-vd*</filepath> files.</li>
					<li>Rename the <filepath>link-to-vd*.orig</filepath> files by removing the
							<filepath>.orig</filepath>.</li>
					<li>Delete the <filepath>instance-libvirt.xml</filepath> file.</li>
					<li>Rename the <filepath>instance-libvirt.xml.orig</filepath> file by removing
						the <filepath>.orig</filepath>.</li>
					<li>Delete the <filepath>*-block.save</filepath> files.</li>
					<li>Run the following command:
						<codeblock>virsh restore INSTANCE_ID-ram.save</codeblock></li>
					<li>If you get an error such as: "Failed to open file '/dev/disk/by-id/scsi-1IET_00040001': No such file or directory" 
						you can reconnect all volumes that were attached to the instance using this command on the NC:
						<codeblock>/usr/libexec/eucalyptus/nodeadmin-manage-volume-connections ConnectVolumes -s SC_HOST_PORT -i INSTANCE</codeblock>
						For example:
						<codeblock>/usr/libexec/eucalyptus/nodeadmin-manage-volume-connections ConnectVolumes -s 203.0.113.13:8773 -i i-356e4f34</codeblock>
					</li>
				</ol></p>
		</section>
		
	</refbody>
</reference>
