<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="register_components">
    <!--    This concept template to be used for conceptual or overview information. -->    
    <title>Register <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> Services</title>

    <shortdesc>This section describes how to register <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services.</shortdesc>
        
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>services <indexterm>registering</indexterm>
                </indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    
    <conbody>
        <p><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> implements a secure protocol for registering separate services so that the
            overall system cannot be tricked into including a service run by an unauthorized
            administrator or user.</p>
        <p>You need only register services once. Most registration commands run on the CLC server.
            <!--In a later section, you will <xref href="register_nodes.dita#register_nodes"> register
                nodes (NCs) with the Cluster Controllers (CCs)</xref>.--></p>
        <p>Note that each registration command will attempt an SSH as root to the remote physical
            host where the registering service is assumed to be running. The registration command
            also contacts the service so it must be running at the time the command is issued. If a
            password is required to allow SSH access, the command will prompt the user for it.</p>
<!--       <p>REVIEWER QUESTION: Verify that we can register all these services now (with only CLC
            installed) considering the above comment??? (This relates to the reorg plan for the Install Guide. 
            Come back to this statement, once the reorg'd guide is in place.)</p>-->
        <p>Registration commands need the following information:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>The <b>Type</b>
                <codeph>-t</codeph> of service you are registering. Required. For example:
                    <codeph>cluster</codeph>.</li>
            <li>The <b>Host</b>
                <codeph>-h</codeph> of the service being registered. Required. The host must be specified by
                IP address to function correctly.<note type="important">IP address is recommended.<ul>
                        <li>You must specify public IP addresses.</li>
                        <li>We recommend that you use IP addresses rather than DNS host names when
                            registering <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services.</li>
                    </ul></note>
                <note type="important"> If you do register a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> service with a DNS host
                    name: <ul>
                        <li>To avoid connectivity issues, do not change the DNS host name's
                            underlying IP address.</li>
                        <li>The underlying IP address must NOT be a site-local, any-cast, loopback,
                            link-local, or multicast address.</li>
                        <li>Always ensure that DNS is working properly, or populate etc/hosts.</li>
                    </ul>
                </note>
            </li>
<!--    As long as you copy the security credentials from the CLC to the other host machines, you do not need this:
                
            <li>The <b>URL</b> <codeph>-U</codeph> bootstrap service endpoint URL might be temporarily required until
                <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> DNS and other endpoint services are configured.</li>
                
This might be required in some QA circumstances so keep this note. -->
                						
            <li>The <b>Availability Zone</b>
                <codeph>-z</codeph> the service belongs to. This is equivalent to the availability
                zone in AWS.</li>           
            <li>The <b>Name</b>
                <codeph>SVCINSTANCE</codeph> you assign to each instance of a service, up to 256
                characters. Required. This is the name used to identify the service in a
                human-friendly way. This name is also used when reporting system state changes that
                require administrator attention. <note>The <codeph>SVCINSTANCE</codeph> name must be
                    globally-unique with respect to other service registrations. To ensure this
                    uniqueness, we recommend using a combination of the service type (CLC, SC, CC,
                    etc.) and system IP address (or DNS host name) when you choose your service
                    instance names. For example: <codeph>clc-192.168.0.15</codeph> or
                        <codeph>clc-eucahost15</codeph>.</note>
            </li>
        </ul>
       
        

    </conbody>
</concept>
