<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="registering_scs">
	<title>Register the Storage Controller</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes how to register a Storage Controller (SC) with the Cloud Controller
		(CLC).</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>storage controller <indexterm>registering</indexterm>
				</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<taskbody>
		<!--    If there are no prereqs, state "None." -->        
		<prereq><b>Prerequisites</b><ul>
			<li>The Cloud Controller must be properly installed and started.</li>
			<li>The Storage Controller service must be properly installed and started.</li>
		</ul>
		</prereq>        
		
		<context><b>To register the Storage Controller service with the Eucalyptus cloud</b></context>
		
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Copy the security credentials from the CLC to each machine running Storage Controller services.</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>clc-copy-keys [-z ZONE] [HOST] [HOST ...]</codeblock>
				</info>	
				<stepxmp>
					<p>For example:</p>
					<codeblock>clc-copy-keys -z zone-1 10.111.5.182</codeblock>
				</stepxmp>
				<info>(Optional) Repeat this step for each zone.</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>On the CLC host machine, enter the following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euserv-register-service -t storage -h [IP] -U [URL] -z [ZONE] [SVCINSTANCE]</codeblock>
					<p>where:</p>
					<ul>
						<li><codeph>IP</codeph> is the IP of the SC you are registering with this CLC.</li>
						<li><codeph>URL</codeph> bootstrap service endpoint URL
							is temporarily required until Eucalyptus DNS and other endpoint services are configured.</li>
						<!--						REMOVE above comment WHEN THIS IS NO LONGER TRUE. -->
						<li><codeph>ZONE</codeph> name should be a descriptive name for the
							availability zone controlled by the CC. For example:
							<codeph>zone-1</codeph>. An SC must have the same <codeph>ZONE</codeph> name 
							as the CC in the same zone.</li>
						<li><codeph>SVCINSTANCE</codeph> must be a unique name for the SC service. We recommend that
							you use a short-hand name of the hostname or IP address of the machine,
							for example: <codeph>sc-[hostname]</codeph> or <codeph>sc-[IP
								address]</codeph>.</li>
					</ul>
					<note>We recommend that you use IP addresses instead of DNS names when registering Eucalyptus services.</note>
					<note type="important">The SC automatically goes to the <codeph>BROKEN</codeph> state after
						being registered with the CLC; it will remain in that state until you
						explicitly configure the SC by configuring the backend storage provider. For more information, 
						see <xref href="../install-guide/config_storage_broken_state.dita#broken_state"
								>About the BROKEN state</xref>.</note>
<!--STATEs probably deserve their own section, then xref to it.
-->				</info>
				<stepxmp>
					<p>For example:</p>
					<codeblock>euserv-register-service -t storage -h 10.111.5.182 -U http://127.0.0.1:8773/services/Empyrean -z zone-1 sc-10.111.5.182</codeblock>
				</stepxmp>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Repeat for each  Storage Controller, replacing the SC IP address, zone name, and SC
					name.</cmd>
			</step>
			
			<!--    A simple verification can be just another step. Complex verifications, with multiple steps, should be a separate task.  -->   
			<step>
				<cmd>Verify that the Storage Controller service is registered with the following command:</cmd>
				<info>
					<codeblock>euserv-describe-services [SVCINSTANCE]</codeblock>
				</info>
			</step>			
		</steps>
		
		<!--    The result tells me what to expect at the end of this task, and where to go next. Use CAUTION if this task will be reused 
            in a different context. Only include where to go next (you'll add an xref) when this is always the flow. -->
		<result>
			<p>The registered Storage Controller service is now ready for your cloud.</p>
			<!--<p>(Optional) Where to go next.</p>-->
		</result>
		
		<!--    If there are no postreqs, this section should be hidden. Don't expect many postreqs.
        <postreq><b>Postrequisites</b><ul>
            <li>A postereq.</li>
            <li>Another postreq.</li>                
        </ul>
        </postreq>         -->		     
		
	</taskbody>
</task>
