<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="upgrade_rhel6_rhel7">
 <title>RHEL 7 OS Upgrade and Instance Migrations</title>
 <shortdesc>This topic describes available scenarios for migrating your <ph
   conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> cloud instances (VMs) from RHEL 6 to RHEL
  7.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p><note type="important">Be sure you have read <xref
     href="rhel7_upgrade_euca_before_os.dita#upgrade_euca_before_OS"/> to understand the interrelated <ph
     conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> and OS upgrade processes before attempting any
    of the scenarios described in this section.</note></p>
  <p>There are four possible scenarios for instances (the VMs on the NCs) in your <ph
    conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> cloud:</p>
  <p>
   <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_RHEL7_migration_scenarios">
    <title>RHEL 6 to RHEL 7 Instance Scenarios</title>
    <tgroup cols="4">
     <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.5*"/>
     <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="4.85*"/>
     <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
     <colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>Scenario</entry>
       <entry>Description</entry>
       <entry>Instance downtime?</entry>
       <entry>Instance host move?</entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry>Live Migration</entry>
       <entry>Instance is moved from a RHEL 6 NC to a RHEL 7 NC without service
        interruption.</entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
       <entry>Yes</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Offline Migration Between NCs</entry>
       <entry>Instance is suspended (packed) on a RHEL 6 NC, moved to a RHEL 7 NC, then resumed
        (unpacked).</entry>
       <entry>Yes</entry>
       <entry>Yes</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Offline Migration Using a Single NC</entry>
       <entry>Instance is suspended (packed) on a RHEL 6 NC, NC is upgraded to RHEL 7, then resumed
        (unpacked).</entry>
       <entry>Yes</entry>
       <entry>No</entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry>Terminate the instance</entry>
       <entry>If you have an instance that is test-only, redundant, stale, or otherwise not needed,
        no need to migrate; simply <xref
         href="../euca2ools-guide/euca-terminate-instances.dita#euca-terminate-instances">terminate
         the instance</xref>.</entry>
       <entry>N/A</entry>
       <entry>N/A</entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </p>
  <section id="upgrade_rhel6_rhel7_live_overview">
   <title>Live Migration</title>
   <p>In a live migration, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
    <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/> is installed on a new (or spare) NC running
    RHEL 7, and instances are migrated from the old RHEL 6 NC. The migration is managed by KVM.</p>
   <p>Benefits of a live migration include:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>Minimal or no downtime for running instances.</li>
    <li>Minimal disruption for cloud users.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>Risks of a live migration include:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>Live migration is managed by KVM, which may fail. KVM makes no guarantees that any given
     migration will succeed even when it starts successfully.</li>
    <li>Handling large instances with large instance-store-backed storage can take hours or days,
     resulting in the overall upgrade time for a region taking days or even weeks.</li>
    <li>Live migration is very resource intensive; memory, storage, and runtime state must be moved
     over the network, which might interfere with other workloads.</li>
    <li>Live migration requires enough spare capacity to handle migrations/evacuations of NCs.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>For instructions on how to perform a live migration, see <xref
     href="rhel7_vm_migration_live.dita#live_migration_rhel7"/>.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="upgrade_rhel6_rhel7_offline_overview">
   <title>Offline Migration Between NCs</title>
   <p>This scenario involves suspending (packing) instances on RHEL 6 NC, dumping their state to
    disk to create an instance snapshot, moving that data to a RHEL7 NC, and then unpacking the
    instances to a running state and resuming execution. This approach assumes there is an upgraded
    RHEL7 NC available for the suspended instance, and preserves the runtime memory state and disk
    state of the instance to avoid requiring users to reconstruct instances from scratch, but it
    does require that the instances be down and unavailable for the duration of the pack, dump,
    copy, unpack, and resume process.</p>
   <p>Benefits of an offline migration include:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>More reliable than a live migration.</li>
    <li>Each instance can be moved individually so a given instance's downtime is a function of its
     size, not the cumulative size of all instances on the source host machine.</li>
    <li>Allows a measure of safety, since instances remain on the source NC until they can be
     confirmed as moved successfully to the destination NC.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>Risks of an offline migration include:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>Requires instance downtime.</li>
    <li>Like a live migration, offline migrations still require the contents of instances to be
     copied over the network.</li>
    <li>Requires additional NCs to receive the suspended instances.</li>
    <li>Copying large instances can take a long time.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>For instructions on how to perform this offline migration, see <xref
     href="rhel7_vm_migration_offline_remote_NC.dita#offline_migration_remote_rhel7"/>.</p>
  </section>
  <section id="upgrade_rhel6_rhel7_offline_local_overview">
   <title>Offline Migration Using a Single NC</title>
   <p>This offline migration scenario is similar to the offline migration between NCs. It assumes
    that suspended (packed) RHEL 6 instances can be moved off-machine (or using local persistent
    storage) and then back to the same host before being unpacked on an upgraded RHEL7 NC. This
    scenario requires sufficient storage to hold packed instances during the upgrade that are not in
    a location where they can be destroyed or modified by a clean OS install.</p>
   <p>Benefits of an offline migration using a single NC include:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>No network copy of instances required.</li>
    <li>No impact on other instances in the cloud because there is no network/resource
     contention.</li>
    <li>No additional capacity is required, since the existing NCs can be used.</li>
    <li>Rollback is a clean install of RHEL 6 and <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
     <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/> if necessary.</li>
   </ul>
   <p>Risks of an offline migration using a single NC include:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>Complete failure of an NC or accidental wiping of the VM state can result in lost
     instances.</li>
    <li>Requires downtime of all instances at the same time.</li>
    <li>Rollback possibilities are not as robust as offline migrations, since the host itself is
     being upgraded.</li>
    
   </ul>
   <p>For instructions on how to perform this offline migration, see <xref
     href="rhel7_vm_migration_offline_local_NC.dita#offline_migration_local_rhel7"/>.</p>
  </section>

 </conbody>
</concept>
