<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="system_requirements">
	<title>System Requirements</title>
	<shortdesc>To install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>, your system must meet the
		baseline requirements described in this topic.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>system requirements</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>
	<conbody>
		<note type="note">The specific requirements of your <ph
				conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> deployment, including the number of
			physical machines, structure of the physical network, storage requirements, and access
			to software are ultimately determined by the features you choose for your cloud and the
			availability of infrastructure required to support those features. For more information,
			see the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/ref_architecture"/> and look at the
			physical resources recommended for your deployment type. <ph
				conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/compat_matrix"/></note>
		<section><title>Compute Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Physical Machines: All <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services must be
					installed on physical servers, not virtual machines.</li>
				<li>Central Processing Units (CPUs): We recommend that each host machine in your <ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> cloud contain either an Intel
					or AMD processor with a minimum of 4 2GHz cores.</li>
				<li>Operating Systems: <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> supports the following
					Linux distributions: CentOS 7 and RHEL 7. <ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> supports only 64-bit
					architecture.</li>
				<li>Machine Clocks: Each <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> host machine and any
					client machine clocks must be synchronized (for example, using NTP). These
					clocks must be synchronized all the time, not only during the installation
					process.</li>
				<li>Machine Access: Verify that all machines in your network allow SSH login, and that root or
					sudo access is available on each of them.</li>
			</ul></section>
		<section><title>Storage and Memory Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>Each machine in your network needs a minimum of 160GB of storage.</li>
				<li>We recommend at least 500GB for Walrus and SC hosts running Linux VMs. We recommend at least
					250GB for Walrus and SC hosts running Windows VMs.</li>
				<li>We recommend 160GB per NC host running Linux VMs, and at least 250GB per NC host for running
					Windows VMs. Note that larger available disk space enables a greater number of
					VMs.</li>
				<li>Each machine in your network needs a minimum of 8GB RAM. However, we recommend more RAM for
					improved caching.</li>
				<li>Host machines running multiple services (e.g., CLC, CC and SC) likely need more
					than the minimum amounts of RAM and storage.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
		<section>
			<title>Network Requirements</title>
			<ul>
				<li>All NCs must have access to a minimum of 1Gb Ethernet
					network connectivity.</li>
				<li>All <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> components must have at least one
					Network Interface Card (NIC) for a base-line deployment. For better network
					isolation and scale, the CC should have two NICs (one facing the CLC/user
					network and one facing the NC/VM network).</li>
				<li>Some configurations require that machines hosting a CC have
					two network interfaces, each with a minimum of 1Gb
					Ethernet.</li>
				<li>For virtual machine traffic isolation, the network ports connecting Ethernet interfaces
					might need to allow VLAN trunking.</li>
				<li>For <xref href="planning_edge.dita">EDGE</xref> networking mode, <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> needs at least one existing network.</li>
				<li>For <xref href="preparing_vpc_midonet.dita">VPCMIDO networking mode</xref>, <ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> needs Midokura Enterprise
					MidoNet to be installed. For more information, see <xref
						href="install_midokura.dita#install_midonet_intro"/>.</li>
				<li>The network connecting machines that host <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					components (except the CC and NC) must support UDP multicast for IP address
					239.193.7.3. Note that UDP multicast is not used over the network that connects
					the CC to the NCs. For information about testing connectivity, see <xref
						href="preparing_connectivity.dita"/>.</li>

			</ul>
			<p> Once you are satisfied that your systems requirements are met,
				you are ready to plan your <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> installation. </p>
		</section>

	</conbody>
</concept>
