<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
    
<task id="upgrade_failure">
    <title>Downgrade a Failed Upgrade</title>
    <shortdesc>If your upgrade fails, this topic describes how to downgrade your <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> cloud to
        an earlier release.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        
<!--        This is a very specific downgrade situation due to the OS upgrade as well as Euca upgrade. 
            IMPORTANT NOTE to tech writer - therefore many of the version #s are hardcoded for this release!
-->        
        <context>
            <note type="important">
            <p>If you encounter problems in 4.3 on RHEL 6 <i><b>before you install RHEL 7 on your
                            host machines</b></i>, you can downgrade using <xref
                        href="#upgrade_failure_downgrade_43_rhel6_42_rhel6" format="dita"/>.</p>
            <p><b><i>- OR -</i></b></p>
            <p>If you encounter problems in 4.3 <i><b>after you have installed RHEL 7 on your host
                        machines</b></i>, see <xref href="#upgrade_failure_downgrade_rhel7"
                    format="dita"/>.</p>
            </note>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
 
<!--This is really the downgrade section overview. But for 4.3.1 release, it needs a different name! (there are 3+ scenarios this time)
        
    <task id="upgrade_failure_overview">
        <title>Downgrade Overview</title>-->
        
    <task id="upgrade_failure_downgrade_43_rhel6_42_rhel6">
        <title>Downgrade <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 on RHEL 6</title>
        <!--<shortdesc></shortdesc>-->
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The upgrade process creates a backup to
                    <codeph>/var/lib/eucalyptus/upgrade/eucalyptus.backup.TIMESTAMP</codeph>. For
                example:</p>
            <codeblock>/var/lib/eucalyptus/upgrade/eucalyptus.backup.1326905212</codeblock>
            <p>If the upgrade fails and needs to be reverted to your earlier
                version, you can find your preserved data in this directory.</p>
            <p>If the upgrade fails, all changes to the database
                and configuration files will be rolled back. You can retry the
                upgrade by following the upgrade instructions in the sections,
                    <xref href="upgrade_shutdown.dita"/> and <xref
                    href="upgrade_packages.dita"/>.</p>
            <p>If you do not want to continue with the upgrade after a failure, you can downgrade
                your installation back to the previous version. Note that downgrade
                instructions are different, depending on whether your <ph
                    conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services are co-located or each
                hosted on their own machine. You will need to perform the downgrade for all services
                running on a single machine at the same time.</p>
            <p>The <filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/db</filepath> and
                    <filepath>/var/lib/eucalyptus/keys</filepath> directories should not be
                affected by the upgrade. If they have been removed subsequent to
                the upgrade, you must restore the contents of these directories
                from your backups before downgrading.</p>
        	
        	<p>To downgrade from a failed upgrade, perform the tasks listed in the following sections.</p>
        </context>
    </taskbody>
    </task>
    
	<task id="upgrade_failure_downgrade">
	    <title>Downgrade <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/></title>
<taskbody>
    <prereq>You must <xref href="upgrade_shutdown.dita"/> before downgrading <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>.</prereq>
	<steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Downgrade to the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> <ph
                            conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version"/> release package on
                        each host machine:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>yum downgrade <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/eucalyptus_downgrade"/></codeblock>
                    <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted, to downgrade the release package.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you have a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> subscription, downgrade your subscription release
                    package on each host machine to the release package you used for <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
                            <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version"/>:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>yum downgrade <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/euca_subscription_downgrade"/></codeblock>
                    <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted, to downgrade the subscription release
                            package.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Expire the cache for the yum repositories on each host machine:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>yum clean expire-cache</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log in to each NC host and downgrade it:</cmd>
<!-- TESTED OK 
                Tip to tech writer: If you get 'Package eucalyptus-bla-bla-nnnn.el6.x86_64.rpm is not signed' error you can use 
                            'yum downgrade bla bla bla -\-nogpg' to bypass it. This will allow you to continue with the downgrade.
                -->
                <info>
                    <codeblock>yum downgrade eucalyptus eucalyptus-admin-tools eucalyptus-axis2c-common eucalyptus-blockdev-utils eucalyptus-imaging-toolkit eucalyptus-node eucanetd</codeblock>
                    <note>The <codeph>eucalyptus-nc</codeph> service name changed to <codeph>eucalyptus-node</codeph> in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3.</note>
                    
                    <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted, to downgrade the NC packages.</p>
                </info>
            </step>
	    <stepsection>
                <note type="important"><p>Use the <codeph>yum shell</codeph>
                        command for the following instructions. This will allow
                        you to perform more complex transactions that are
                        required for the downgrade.</p>
                </note>
            </stepsection>
            <step>
                <cmd>Log in to each machine running a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> service and run
                    the following command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>yum shell</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add the transaction commands listed below for each service installed on the
                        machine host. If more than one service requires the same transactional
                        command, you only need to specify that command once per machine host.</cmd>
            </step>
            <stepsection>
                    <p>Transaction commands for a combined machine host with CLC, Walrus, CC, and
                        SC:</p>
                    <!-- TESTED OK 
                Tip to tech writer: if you can't get the download to work due to not-signed RPMs, try this
                'yum downgrade eucanetd "eucalyptus*" -/-nogpgcheck' 
                -->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus
downgrade eucalyptus-admin-tools
downgrade eucalyptus-axis2c-common
downgrade eucalyptus-blockdev-utils
downgrade eucalyptus-cluster 
downgrade eucalyptus-cloud
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java-libs
downgrade eucalyptus-sc
downgrade eucalyptus-service-image
downgrade eucalyptus-walrus
downgrade eucanetd
</codeblock>
                <note>The <codeph>eucalyptus-cc</codeph> service name changed to <codeph>eucalyptus-cluster</codeph> in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3.</note>
                <p>CLC transaction commands:</p><!-- Not able to test CLC-only yet-->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus
downgrade eucalyptus-admin-tools
downgrade eucalyptus-axis2c-common
downgrade eucalyptus-blockdev-utils
downgrade eucalyptus-cloud
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java-libs
downgrade eucalyptus-service-image
downgrade eucanetd
</codeblock>
                    <!--                <p>Additional CLC commands for Eucalyptus Subscription customers:</p>
                <codeblock>
downgrade [TBD] there are no known downgrades for subscription packages at this time
</codeblock>-->
                    <p>UFS transaction commands:</p><!-- TESTED OK -->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus
downgrade eucalyptus-admin-tools
downgrade eucalyptus-cloud
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java-libs
</codeblock>
                    <p>CC transaction commands:</p><!-- Not able to test CC-only yet-->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus
downgrade eucalyptus-admin-tools
downgrade eucalyptus-cluster 
downgrade eucanetd</codeblock>
                <note>The <codeph>eucalyptus-cc</codeph> service name changed to <codeph>eucalyptus-cluster</codeph> in <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3.</note>
                <p>SC transaction commands:</p><!-- Not able to test SC-only yet-->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus
downgrade eucalyptus-admin-tools
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java-libs
downgrade eucalyptus-sc
</codeblock>
                    <p>Walrus Backend transaction commands:</p><!-- Not able to test Walrus-only yet-->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus
downgrade eucalyptus-admin-tools
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java
downgrade eucalyptus-common-java-libs
downgrade eucalyptus-walrus
</codeblock>
                <p>SAN 3PAR transaction commands:</p><!-- Not able to test SAN-3PAR yet-->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-threepar
downgrade eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-threepar-libs
</codeblock>
                        <p>SAN EqualLogic transaction commands:</p><!-- Not able to test SAN-EqualLogic yet-->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-equallogic
downgrade eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-equallogic-libs
</codeblock>
                    <p>SAN NetApp transaction commands:</p><!-- Not able to test SAN NetApp yet-->
                    <codeblock>downgrade eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-netapp
downgrade eucalyptus-enterprise-storage-san-netapp-libs
</codeblock>
                </stepsection>
            <step>
                <cmd>When you have entered all the appropriate yum transaction commands, run the
                        following command to verify that the transaction will be successful:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>ts solve</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Perform the downgrade by running the following command in
                    the yum transaction shell:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>run</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Exit the yum transaction shell using the following
                    command:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>exit</codeblock>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the <filepath>/etc/eucalyptus/.upgrade</filepath>
                    file from each <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> host machine:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <codeblock>rm /etc/eucalyptus/.upgrade</codeblock>
                    <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted, to remove this file.</p>
                    <note type="important"><p>Remove this file from every
                        <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> host machine.</p></note>
                </info>
            </step>
	       <step>
	           <cmd>Clear out the <filepath>/var/run/eucalyptus/classcache/</filepath> directory on all
	               <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> host machines:</cmd>
	           <info>
	               <codeblock>rm -rf /var/run/eucalyptus/classcache/</codeblock>
	               <p>This deletes <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/> class file
                            artifacts; they will be regenerated as needed for your downgraded
                            cloud.</p>
	           </info>
	       </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
	</task>
	<task id="upgrade_failure_downgrade_euca2ools">
		<title>Downgrade Euca2ools</title>
		<taskbody>
		    <context><p>In general, there is no need to downgrade Euca2ools.</p>
		      <p>Whenever you install Euca2ools, it will always give you the latest patch of a release
                    (for example, you'd get 3.3.1 over 3.3.0). If, for example, you have 3.3.1
                    installed, then performing the following steps would downgrade to 3.3.0.</p>
		        <p><note>If Euca2ools is not the source of upgrade failure, there is no reason to downgrade Euca2ools.</note></p></context>
			<steps>
				<!-- There is no need to do this step because there is no older repo to go back to (it's got 3.3.0 and 3.3.1). 
				    See DOC-1929 for details.
				    <step>
					<cmd>Downgrade to the Euca2ools <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_prev_version"/>
                        release package on each host machine:</cmd>
			        <info>
			            <codeblock>yum downgrade <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/euca2ools_downgrade"/></codeblock>
			            <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted, to downgrade the release package.</p>
			        </info>
			    </step>-->
			    <step>
			        <cmd>Expire the cache for the yum repositories on each host machine:</cmd>
			        <info>
			            <codeblock>yum clean expire-cache</codeblock>
			        </info>
			    </step>
			    <step>
			        <cmd>Downgrade to Euca2ools <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_prev_version"
                        /> on each host machine:</cmd>
			        <info>
			            <codeblock>yum downgrade euca2ools</codeblock>
			            <p>Enter <codeph>y</codeph> when prompted, to downgrade Euca2ools.</p>
			        </info>
			    </step>
			</steps>
		</taskbody>
	</task>
    <task id="upgrade_failure_verify_downgrade">
        <title>Verify the Downgrade</title>
        <taskbody>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Restart your downgraded cloud.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify the <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> versions. For example:</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <codeblock># euca-version
euca2ools <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/e2ools_prev_version"/>
eucalyptus <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version"/></codeblock>
                    </info>
                </step>
                
                <step>
                    <cmd>Verify that all services are <codeph>ENABLED</codeph>.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="upgrade_failure_downgrade_rhel7">
        <title>Downgrade from RHEL 7</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>
                <p>If you have installed RHEL 7 and re-installed <ph
                    conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
                <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/>, then the only way to downgrade
                is to perform a clean install of RHEL 6 (wiping out RHEL 7), then install <ph
                    conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> again.</p>
                <p>Here are the two main scenarios:
                    <ol>
                        <li>
                            <p>IF <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 was
                                operating correctly on RHEL 6 before you upgraded it to RHEL 7</p>
                            <p>AND you backed up your cloud data after your 4.3 cloud was running
                                successfully on RHEL 6</p>
                            <p>THEN you can downgrade to the state you saved with 4.3 on RHEL 6. You
                                can then attempt to correct the problems and re-upgrade to RHEL 7.
                                See <xref href="#upgrade_failure_downgrade_43_rhel7_43_rhel6"
                                    format="dita"/>.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>IF <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.2 was operating 
                                correctly before you upgraded it to 4.3 on RHEL 6</p>
                            <p>AND you backed up your 4.2 cloud data before upgrading to 4.3 on RHEL
                                6</p>
                            <p>THEN you can downgrade to the state you saved with 4.2 on RHEL6. You
                                can then attempt to correct the problems and re-upgrade to 4.3, or
                                remain at 4.2. See <xref
                                    href="#upgrade_failure_downgrade_43_rhel7_42_rhel6"
                                    format="dita"/>.</p>
                        </li>
                    </ol>
                 </p>
            </context>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="upgrade_failure_downgrade_43_rhel7_43_rhel6">
        <title>Downgrade <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 on RHEL 7 to 4.3 on RHEL 6</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>If you have installed RHEL 7 and re-installed <ph
                    conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3, then you can downgrade to
                    <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 on RHEL 6. <note
                    type="tip">Follow this procedure when you are ready to fix the problems, then
                    upgrade again to RHEL 7.</note>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Perform a clean install of RHEL 6 (wiping out RHEL 7).</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>See <xref
                            href="https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-US/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux/6/html/Installation_Guide/index.html"
                            format="html" scope="external"
                            >RHEL 6 Installation Guide</xref>.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
                        <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/>, following the <ph
                            conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
                        <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/>
                        <xref href="index.dita#index">Installation Guide</xref>.</cmd>
                    <info>See <xref href="eucalyptus.dita#eucalyptus"/>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Restore your cloud state following <xref
                            href="../admin-guide/euca_recover.dita#euca_recover"/> in the <ph
                            conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/>
                        <xref href="../admin-guide/index.dita#welcome">Administration Guide</xref>
                        using the cloud data you backed up after you upgraded 4.2 to 4.3, but before
                        you upgraded RHEL 6 to RHEL 7.</cmd>
                    <info><note><ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 is the 
                        <i>last release series</i> where RHEL / CentOS 6 is a supported OS.</note>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Correct the problems that occurred during the upgrade to RHEL 7, then prepare to 
                        re-upgrade to RHEL 7.</cmd>
                    <info><note>If you expect to upgrade to future releases of <ph
                        conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>, beyond the 4.3
                        series, then RHEL / CentOS 7 will be required.</note></info>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>Your cloud is now running <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 on RHEL 6.</result>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
    
    <task id="upgrade_failure_downgrade_43_rhel7_42_rhel6">
        <title>Downgrade <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3 on RHEL 7 to 4.2 on RHEL 6</title>
        <taskbody>
            <context>If you have installed RHEL 7 and re-installed <ph
                    conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.3, then you can downgrade to
                    <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.2 on RHEL 6. <note
                    type="tip">Follow this procedure when you need to wait a while before attempting
                    another upgrade to RHEL 7.</note>
            </context>
            <steps>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Perform a clean install of RHEL 6 (wiping out RHEL 7).</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <p>See <xref
                            href="https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-US/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux/6/html/Installation_Guide/index.html"
                            format="html" scope="external"
                            >RHEL 6 Installation Guide</xref>.</p>
                    </info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.2.2, following
                        the 4.2.2 Installation Guide (not the 4.3 guide).</cmd>
                    <info>See the <xref
                        href="http://docs.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus/4.2.2/#shared/install_section.html"
                            format="html" scope="external">Eucalyptus 4.2.2 Installation
                            Guide</xref>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Restore your cloud state following the <xref
                            href="http://docs.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus/4.2.2/#admin-guide/euca_recover.html"
                            format="html" scope="external">Recover Cloud Data</xref> section of the
                        4.2.2 Administration Guide (not the 4.3 guide), using the cloud data you
                        backed up before you upgraded 4.2 to 4.3 on RHEL 6.</cmd>
                    <info>See the <xref
                            href="http://docs.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus/4.2.2/#shared/manage_section.html"
                            format="html" scope="external">Eucalyptus 4.2.2 Administration
                            Guide</xref>.</info>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Analyze the problems that occurred during the upgrade to RHEL 7, then
                        decide when you are ready to re-upgrade to RHEL 7.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
            <result>Your cloud is now running <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> 4.2 on RHEL 6.</result>	
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
