<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="upgrade_prep">
	<title>Prepare for Upgrade</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic helps you prepare for upgrading <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>.</shortdesc>
	<taskbody>
		<!--    If there are no prereqs, state "None." -->        
		<prereq><b>Prerequisites</b>
			<p>Before starting the upgrade, ensure that you have:</p>
			<ul>
				<li>Verified that your hardware and software are compatible with <ph
					conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/>. <ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/compat_matrix"/></li>
				<li>Verified the health of your current <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					deployment, as described in <xref
						href="../admin-guide/inspect_health.dita#inspect_health"/> in the
					<xref href="../admin-guide/index.dita">Administration Guide</xref>.</li>
				<!--				DETERMINE which is best practice DITA / Drupal xref: as above or in the bullet below?
-->
				<li>Followed the <xref href="upgrade.dita#prescribed">prescribed path</xref> of prior <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
						versions, if needed, to prepare for this upgrade.</li>
				<li>Backed up your data and followed best practices for your environment. See <xref
						href="https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-US/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux/7/index.html"
						format="html" scope="external">RHEL documentation</xref>.</li>
<!--				QUESTION: SHOULD WE ALSO XREF TO ADMIN GUIDE, "BACK UP YOUR CLOUD" SECTION HERE?
-->				<li>Prepared to upgrade <i>all <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services</i>. <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> does not support services
					that are on different release versions. For example, you cannot have a CLC at
						<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_long"/> and a Walrus at <ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version"/>.</li>
				<li>Verified that you already have the repositories installed for Euca2ools and EPEL from your
					previous installation. If you do not have these installed, see the installation
					instructions for that version's Installation Guide in the <xref
						href="../shared/doc_archive.dita#doc_archive">documentation archive</xref>
					to find out how to add these to your host machines.</li>
				<li>Fully updated your existing (pre-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_long"/>)
					<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services using <codeph>yum update</codeph> where possible.</li>
				<li>Removed any hand-written repository files for earlier versions of <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> and Euca2ools
					from <codeph>/etc/yum.repos.d</codeph>.</li>
				<li>Prepared completely for the RHEL 7 upgrade. RedHat documentation like the <xref
						href="https://access.redhat.com/sites/default/files/attachments/rhel_5_6_7_cheatsheet_27x36_1014_jcs_web.pdf"
						format="pdf" scope="external">Admin Commands Cheat Sheet</xref> and the <xref
							href="https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-US/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux/7/pdf/Migration_Planning_Guide/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux-7-Migration_Planning_Guide-en-US.pdf"
							format="pdf" scope="external">Migration Planning Guide</xref> can be
					helpful. (Do <i><b>not</b></i> perform the RedHat migration described in chapter
					1 of the Migration Planning Guide.)</li>
				<li>Read <xref href="rhel7_upgrade_euca_before_os.dita#upgrade_euca_before_OS"/> to understand
					the interrelated <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> and OS
					upgrade processes that are unique to the <ph
						conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/>
					<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version"/> release.</li>
			</ul>
		</prereq>    
		<context>
			<note type="important">
				<ul>
					<li>Perform the upgrade steps on <i>every</i>
						<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> host machine, as
						described in this section.</li>
					<li>We recommend that you also install the new version of the Management Console, although this
						is not required. If you don't install the new version, you will not be able
						to use new features from the console.</li>
					<li>We recommend that you install the current version of Euca2ools, although this is not
						required. If you don't install the new version of Euca2ools, you will not be
						able to use new features from the command line.</li>
					<li>Federated <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> clouds began with 4.2.0; you can upgrade a 4.2.x cloud
						to a federated setup. If you have a 4.1.x or earlier cloud, it cannot have
						any non-<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> services accounts created, nor can it be an LDAP
						integrated cloud. For more information, see <xref
							href="../admin-guide/manage_regions.dita#manage_regions">Manage Regions
							in the Administration Guide</xref>.</li>
				</ul>
<!--				DETERMINE which is best practice DITA / Drupal xref: as above or in the 2nd bullet above?
-->			</note>
			<note type="tip">You can preview the install and its dependencies by running the following
				commands. <i>Be sure and respond with 'N' so you do not start the install before you
					are ready.</i></note>
			<p><b>To preview the upgrade of <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> cloud</b></p>
			<p>The following steps are an optional preview of what the upgrade command will do. If you do not
				want to do this, continue to <xref href="upgrade_shutdown.dita"/>.</p>
		</context>
		<steps id="test_distro">
			<step>
				<cmd>(Optional) Test the new <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> release package on each host machine that runs a
					<ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> service:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>On a RHEL 6 host machine:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/eucalyptus_download_during_upgrade"/></codeblock>
					<p>On a RHEL 7 host machine:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/eucalyptus_download"/></codeblock>
					<p>Review the dependencies and install package information.</p>
					<p>Enter <codeph>N</codeph> when prompted so you do <b>NOT</b> install the package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>(Optional) Test the new Euca2ools release package on each host machine that runs Euca2ools
					or a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> service:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>On a RHEL 6 host machine:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/euca2ools_download_during_upgrade"/></codeblock>
					<p>On a RHEL 7 host machine:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/euca2ools_download"/></codeblock>
					<p>Review the dependencies and install package information.</p>
					<p>Enter <codeph>N</codeph> when prompted so you do <b>NOT</b> install the package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>(Optional) If you have a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> subscription, test the new subscription release package
					on each host machine that runs a <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/product"/> service:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>On a RHEL 6 host machine:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/euca_subscription_download_during_upgrade"/></codeblock>
					<p>On a RHEL 7 host machine:</p>
					<codeblock>yum install <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#paths/euca_subscription_download"/></codeblock>
					<p>Review the dependencies and install package information.</p>
					<p>Enter <codeph>N</codeph> when prompted so you do <b>NOT</b> install the package.</p>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
		<postreq>You are now ready to <xref href="upgrade_shutdown.dita"/>.</postreq>
	</taskbody>
</task>
