<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="upgrade">
	<title>Eucalyptus Upgrade</title>
	<shortdesc>This section details the tasks you need to perform in order to
		upgrade your current version of Eucalyptus.</shortdesc>
	<prolog>
		<metadata>
			<keywords>
				<indexterm>upgrading</indexterm>
			</keywords>
		</metadata>
	</prolog>

	<conbody>
		
		<note type="important">If you want to upgrade to 4.2.0, contact the Eucalyptus Support team for
			help with the issue described in <xref
				href="https://support.eucalyptus.com/hc/en-us/articles/206154936" format="html"
				scope="external">this KB article</xref>, which will be resolved in 4.2.1. New
			installs of 4.2.0 are not affected by the issue.</note>
				
			<p>You can upgrade to Eucalyptus <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_long"/> from <ph
				conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version"/>. If your current version is earlier than <ph
				conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version"/>, see the prescribed paths below.
			Follow the directions in that version's Installation Guide in the <xref
				href="../shared/doc_archive.dita#doc_archive">documentation archive</xref>, and then
			upgrade to <ph conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_long"/> using the directions
			in this section.</p>
		
		<section>
			<term>Warm upgrade</term>
			<p>Eucalyptus supports warm upgrades as of the 3.4.2 release. This means you do not need
				to shut down EBS-backed or instance-store-backed instances in order to upgrade. Auto
				Scaling instances will likely shut down and be replaced, based on each group's
				scaling policy and health check criteria.</p>
			<note type="important">When you upgrade the underlying OS (RHEL or Centos), this
				requires a reboot and therefore warm upgrade is not available in any release when
				you also upgrade your OS.</note>
			<term>Prescribed upgrade paths</term>
			<p>The following are the prescribed upgrade paths for Eucalyptus versions prior to <ph
					conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version"/>: <ul>
					<li>Upgrade from 3.1.2 -> 3.2.2</li>
					<li>Upgrade from 3.2.2 -> 3.3.2</li>
					<li>Upgrade from 3.3.2 -> 3.4.3</li>
					<li>Upgrade from 3.4.3 -> 4.0.2</li>
					<li>Upgrade from 4.0.2 -> 4.1.2</li>
				</ul></p>
			<note type="important">Eucalyptus does not support components that are at different
				releases, even at the sub-minor level. For example, you cannot have a CLC at <ph
					conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/version_long"/> and a Walrus at <ph
					conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/prev_version"/>. Make sure that you update
				all Eucalyptus components when you upgrade.</note>
			<note type="important">Eucalyptus does not support upgrade to a federated setup. For
				example, if you have a 4.1.x cloud, it can't have any non-Eucalyptus services
				accounts created, nor can it be an LDAP integrated cloud. Federated Eucalyptus
				clouds begin with 4.2.0. For more information, see <xref
					href="../admin-guide/manage_regions.dita#manage_regions">Manage
				Regions in the Administration Guide</xref>.</note>
		</section>
	</conbody>
</concept>
