<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="what_next">
 <title>Find More Information</title>
 <shortdesc>This topic explains what to do once you have installed Eucalyptus, including further
 	reading and other resources for understanding your cloud.</shortdesc>
 <prolog>
  <metadata>
   <keywords>
    <indexterm>support</indexterm>
   </keywords>
  </metadata>
 </prolog>

 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Read More</title>
   <p>Eucalyptus has the following guides to help you with more information:</p>
   <ul>
    <li>The <xref href="../admin-guide/index.dita">Administration Guide</xref> details ways to
     manage your Eucalyptus deployment. Refer to this guide to learn more about managing your
     Eucalyptus services, like the Cloud Controller; and resources, like instances and images.</li>
    <li>The <xref href="../iam-guide/index.dita">Identity and Access Management (IAM) Guide</xref>
     provides information to help you securely control access to services and resources for your
     Eucalyptus cloud users. Refer to this guide to learn more about managing identities,
     authentication and access control best practices, and specifically managing your users and
     groups.</li>
    <li>The <xref
    	href="../user-guide/index.dita">User Guide</xref> details ways to use
     Eucalyptus for your computing and storage needs. Refer to this guide to
     learn more about getting and using euca2ools, creating images, running
     instances, and using dynamic block storage devices.</li>
   	<li>The <xref href="../image-guide/index.dita">Image Management Guide</xref> describes how to create and manage
   		images for your cloud. </li>
    <li>The <xref href="../console-guide/index.dita">Management Console Guide</xref> describes how to create and manage
     cloud resources using the Eucalyptus Management Console. </li>
    <li>The <xref href="../euca2ools-guide/index.dita">Euca2ools Reference Guide</xref> describes
     the Euca2ools commands. Refer to this guide for more information about required and optional
     parameters for each command. Also includes <filepath>euca2ools.ini</filepath> information.</li>
   </ul>
  </section>
  <section id="get_involved">
   <title>Get Involved</title>
   <p conref="../shared/conrefs.dita#prod/get_help"/>
  </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
