<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_2bf_y3t_f3">
 <title>Configure Storage Controller Storage</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>A Storage Controller can use several different types of storage to build and manage EBS
   volumes.  There are two broad Storage Controller configurations: file system-backed and
   SAN-backed.  File system-backed can be further dividing into those using files and loopback
   devices, and those based on a LVM.</p>
  <p>Before configuring any volumes, you must configure the Storage Controller with the storage
   manager service that matches the type of storage that will be used for volumes.  However, you
   cannot configure the Storage Controller storage manager until you have cloud administrator
   credentials.</p>
  <p>The command to configure the storage manager is:</p>
  <codeblock># euca-modify-property -p &lt;cluster_name>.storage.blockstoragemanager=&lt;manager_name> </codeblock>
  <p>The possible types of storage managers are:<ul id="ul_312_jkt_f3">
    <li><cmdname>das</cmdname> —  local disk managed by an LVM, manipulates volumes directly using
     LVM commands</li>
    <li><cmdname>overlay</cmdname> —  local disk with a file system and no LVM, manipulates volumes
     using file commands and loop devices </li>
    <li><cmdname>emc-vnx</cmdname> —  support EMC VNX series SAN arrays </li>
    <li><cmdname>emc-vnx-fastsnap</cmdname> — support EMC VNX series SAN arrays with FLARE 5.32
     (August 2012) or above</li>
    <li><cmdname>equallogic</cmdname> — supported Dell Equallogic SAN arrays (PS4000 and PS6000
     series arrays)</li>
    <li><cmdname>netapp</cmdname> — support Netapp SAN arrays (FAS2000 and FAS6000 series
     arrays)</li>
   </ul></p>
  <p>The difference between the two EMC managers is related to when a snapshot of a volume becomes
   consistent with the volume.  With emc-vnx a snapshot of a volume becomes consistent with the
   volume at the end of the snapshot process.   With emc-vnc-fastsnap the snapshot becomes
   consistent with the volume very early in the snapshot process. </p>
  <p>Until you configure the Storage Controller storage manager, the Storage Controller service will
   report a status of BROKEN in the output of <cmdname>euca-describe-services</cmdname> or
    <cmdname>euca_conf --list-scs</cmdname>.  Once you configure a storage manager the serivce
   status will automatically switch to ENABLED.</p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
