<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_1kv_qm4_ff">
 <title>Euca2ools Operation</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>Euca2ools requires encrypted credentials (keys, or certificates and keys) to authenticate user
   identity. Euca2ools also requires the URLs of the Cloud Controller and the Walrus unless these
   services reside on the local host. All this information can be supplied using command-line
   arguments every time a euca2ools command is issued. However, this would be a time-consuming and
   error-prone way to use euca2ools. </p>
  <p>The <filepath>eucarc</filepath> file simplifies command-line operations by configuring
   environment variables for keys, certificates, and URLs. Euca2ools command have been written in
   such a way that they will check for these environment variables and use them if they exist. This
   removes the requirement of providing this information using command-line arguments.</p>
  <p>If the <filepath>eucarc</filepath> file has not been read by the user's shell, you will get an
   error message when running euca2ools commands. To fix this in the current user shell, force the
   shell to read the file using the following
   command:<codeblock># source /root/.euca/eucarc</codeblock></p>
  <p>To ensure that this file is always read at shell startup, edit the shell startup file, the
    <filepath>/root/.bashrc</filepath> file for example, and add the following
   entry:<codeblock>source /root/.euca/eucarc</codeblock></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
