<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_4.0.0">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<p>The following known issues exist in Eucalyptus 4.0.0 and its dependencies. Please contact
			Eucalyptus support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<!-- Reorder by component? -->
		<p><b>New known issues for this release:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>The <codeph>delete on terminate</codeph> checkbox on the Launch Configuration Wizard of the Eucalyptus Management Console is always enabled. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/GUI-1039"
								>GUI-1039</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The <codeph>delete on terminate</codeph> flag is always be set to <codeph>True</codeph> despite the checkbox value. </p>
					</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The Node Controller (NC) does not support the <codeph>cancel-bundle-task</codeph> operation. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-9351"
							>EUCA-9351</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The <codeph>cancel-bundle-task</codeph> operation has no effect on bundle tasks already under way (on both KVM and VMware), allowing the bundling process to complete and then marking it as failed/canceled. </p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					
					<row>
						<entry>The Broker does not support the <codeph>cancel-bundle-task</codeph> operation. (<xref format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-9350"
							>EUCA-9350</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The <codeph>cancel-bundle-task</codeph> operation has no effect on bundle tasks already under way (on both KVM and VMware), allowing the bundling process to complete and then marking it as failed/canceled. </p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>The default password has been removed from Eucalyptus installs to
							enhance security. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-8497"
								>EUCA-8497</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>The default password for the the eucalyptus/admin user has been
							removed from Eucalyptus installs. To set a password allowing access to
							the admin/user consoles, run the following commands using your
							Eucalyptus account credentials: <p>
								<codeblock>euare-useraddloginprofile -u admin -p $PASSWORD
euare-userupdateinfo -u admin -k email -i $EMAIL							</codeblock>
							</p>
							<p>Setting the email is not required, but doing so prevents the user
								from being prompted to change the password upon first log in.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Manual cleanup of cached EMI images are required when upgrading VMWare Broker. (<xref
							format="html"
							href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-1220"
							>DOC-1220</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>After shutting down the VMware Broker, remove all the cached VM images with the name, <codeph>emi-XXXX-YYYY</codeph> before starting the upgraded Broker. For details on how to access these images and remove them, see <xref
							href="../../install-guide/upgrade.dita#upgrade"
							>Eucalyptus Upgrade or Migration</xref> in the Eucalyptus Installation Guide.</entry>
					</row>

				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		<p><b>Outstanding known issues from previous releases:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Load Balancer VM not able to contact CLC when CC is not collocated
							with at least 1 Java component (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7845"
								>EUCA-7845</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When running ELB in EDGE networking mode the Servo VM is trying to
							contact the CLC via the 169.254.169.254 address. For some reason this
							works in the other networking modes although the only NAT rule that is
							setup is specifically for port 80. Workaround: Change the default port
							to 80 in servo/ws/_init_.py.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>"Manage Instances" dialog is not called from "More actions" menu on
							Windows 7/ IE 10 (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-8424"
								>EUCA-8424</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When the Auto Scaling group is check-marked and the "Manage
							instances" button is clicked in the "More Actions" menu, no dialog
							appears.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>On Security groups landing page "More actions" button sometimes fails
							to activate in Windows7 / IE10 (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-8166"
								>EUCA-8166</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: refresh the page.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>An IAM policy that allows all IAM actions does not work in Eucalyptus
							3.4 (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-7870"
								>EUCA-7870</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Workaround: see linked bug.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Post-upgrade steps for upgrading Load Balancer may be confusing
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-1071"
								>DOC-1071</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>If you already have load balancing enabled on 3.3.x, then there is
							nothing you "must" do post upgrade for load balancing support. However,
							the 3.4 release of Eucalyptus includes an updated load balancer image
							that contains many bugfixes. If you are coming from 3.3.x and already
							had ELB enabled, you need to run <codeph>euca-install-loadbalancer
								--install-default</codeph> after the upgrade. The command will
							install the current image and set it as the default load balancer image,
							and all new load balancers will use the new image. The old image is
							still registered and in S3, and any existing load balancer that may be
							running at the time of upgrade will still use the old image. If you are
							coming from a version of Eucalyptus that did not have the load balancing
							feature, or did not have load balancing enabled on 3.3.x, then after
							installing the load balancer image you should get new credentials so the
							load balancer endpoint is defined.</entry>
					</row>

				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
