<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_features_4.0.0">
	<title>What's New?</title>
	<shortdesc/>
	<conbody>
		<section>
			<title>New Features</title>
			<p>Eucalyptus 4.0.0 introduces the following new features.</p>
			<table>
				<tgroup cols="2">
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>Feature</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>New architecture</entry>
							<entry>We made changes to the way the Eucalyptus components are installed and registered. We
								separated the user-facing services from the database host (the CLC). This makes for better
								security and for better availability of the user-facing services. For
							more information, see <xref href="../../install-guide/planning.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New storage architecture</entry>
							<entry>We added an object storage system that provides a S3 API interface. This interface is
								designed to scale out horizontally. For more information, see <xref
									href="../../install-guide/planning_osg.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New networking mode</entry>
							<entry>We added support for the new Edge networking mode. For more information, see the Installation Guide..</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New default administrator roles</entry>
							<entry>We added support for three default admininstrator roles. For more information, see
								<xref href="../../admin-guide/personas.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New ELB features</entry>
							<entry>We added support in elastic load balancing (ELB) to support session stickiness and SSL
								certificates. For more information about sticky sessions, see <xref
									href="../../user-guide/elb_examples_sticky_sessions.dita"/>. For more information about SSL
								certificates, see <xref href="../../user-guide/elb_examples_ssl_certificates.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Deprecated console</entry>
							<entry>We deprecated the Administration Console. The IAM functionality was moved to the User
								Console. The following tasks must now be done using the CLI: change VM types, create accounts,
								delete accounts, download certificates, and generate reports.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>Stock DHCP server package</entry>
							<entry>Previous versions of Eucalyptus applied a private DHCP entry to <codeph>VNET_DHCPDAEMON</codeph> for the Cluster
								Controller (CC) and the Node Controller (NC). In 4.0.0, we recommend that the <codeph>VNET_DHCPDAEMON</codeph> file be edited to use the <codeph>dhcp</codeph>instead of the <codeph>dhcp41</codeph> file. 
								For more information, see "Switch to the Stock DHCP Package" in the 4.0.0 Eucalyptus Installation Guide.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New schemas</entry>
							<entry>We created new schemas for the backend services that correspond to the user-facing
								services. For more information, see the Internal APIs section in <xref href="../../shared/schemas.dita"/>.</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>New technical preview feature</entry>
							<entry>We are offering CloudFormation templates in technical preview. For more information
								about this feature, go to the <xref
									href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/wiki/display/ARCH/CloudFormations+Draft+Specification"
									scope="external" format="html">draft
								specification</xref>. For more information
								about AWS CloudFormation go to <xref
									href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/template-guide.html"
									scope="external" format="html">Working
									with AWS CloudFormation Templates</xref>.</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
		</section>
		
	</conbody>
</concept>
