<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="cf_overview">
 <title>CloudFormation</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic describes the Eucalyptus implementation of the AWS CloudFormation web
		service, how CloudFormation works, and some details and examples of how to add CloudFormation to
		your Eucalyptus deployment.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
 	<section>
 		<note type="important">CloudFormation is currently in technical preview. For
 			information about technical previews in Eucalyptus, go to <xref
 				href="https://www.eucalyptus.com/eucalyptus-cloud/iaas/roadmap/technology-preview"
 				scope="external" format="html">Eucalyptus Technology Preview Features Support Scope </xref>.</note>
 		<title>Why use CloudFormation?</title>
 		<p>Virtualization technology, together with cloud computing, allows for application repeatability
 		and redundancy. You can spin up as many virtual machines as you need, application configuration
 		needs to happen only when virtual images are created. CloudFormation takes this concept to the
 		next level because it allows you to configure an entire set of resources (instances,
 		security groups, user roles and policies, and more) in a single <xref
 			href="../shared/glossary.dita#json">JSON</xref> template file, and executed with a single
 		command. This means that you get not just machine repeatability, but environment repeatability.
 		CloudFormation allows you to clone environments in different cloud setups, as well as giving
 		applications the ability to be set up and torn down in a repeatable manner.</p>
 	</section>
 		<section>
 			<title>How does Cloudformation Work?</title>
 			<p>CloudFormation manages a set of resources, called a stack, in batch operations (create,
 				update, or delete). Stacks are described in JSON templates, and can be simple, as the following
 			example:</p>
 			<codeblock>{
  "Resources" : {
    "MyInstance": {
      "Type": "AWS::EC2::Instance",
      "Properties": {
        "ImageId" : "emi-db0b2276"
      }
    }
  }
}
</codeblock>
 			<p>This stack creates a single instance, based on the image with ID
 				<codeph>emi-db0b2276</codeph>. However, this stack is not portable because different
 				clouds might have different image IDs.</p>
 			<p>CloudFormation allows stack customization through user parameters that are passed in at stack
 				creation time. The following is an example of the template above with a user parameter called
 				<codeph>MyImageId</codeph>. Changes are in bold.</p>
 			<codeblock><b>{
  "Parameters": {
    "MyImageId": {
      "Description":"Image id",
      "Type":"String"
    }
  },</b>
  "Resources" : {
    "MyInstance": {
      "Type": "AWS::EC2::Instance",
      "Properties": {
        "ImageId" : <b>{ "Ref" : "MyImageId" }</b>
      }
    }
  }
}</codeblock>
 			<p>This stack creates a single instance, but the image ID will be required to be passed in using
 				the command line. For example, the following example uses the
 				<codeph>euform-create-stack</codeph> command in Euca2ools:</p>
 			<codeblock>euform-create-stack --template-file template.json -p MyImageId=emi-db0b2276 MyStack</codeblock>
 			
 			<p>This command passes the parameter <codeph>MyImageId</codeph> with value
 				<codeph>emi-db0b2276</codeph> into the stack creation process using the <codeph>-p</codeph> flag.</p>
 			
 			<p>You can also use templates to create multiple resources and associate them with each other.
 				For example, the following template creates an instance with its own security group and ingress rule. Additions are in bold.</p>
 			<codeblock>{
  "Parameters": {
    "MyImageId": {
      "Description":"Image id",
      "Type":"String"
    }
  },
  "Resources" : {
    <b>"MySecurityGroup": {
      "Type": "AWS::EC2::SecurityGroup",
      "Properties": {
        "GroupDescription" : "Security Group with Ingress Rule for MyInstance",
        "SecurityGroupIngress" : [
          {
            "IpProtocol" : "tcp",
            "FromPort" : "22",
            "ToPort" : "22",
            "CidrIp" : "0.0.0.0/0"
          }
        ]
      }
    },</b>
    "MyInstance": {
      "Type": "AWS::EC2::Instance",
      "Properties": {
        "ImageId" : { "Ref":"MyImageId" },
        <b>"SecurityGroups" : [ 
          { "Ref" : "MySecurityGroup" } 
        ]</b>
      }
    }
  }
}
</codeblock>
 			<p>Templates can be more complicated than the ones shown above, but CloudFormation allows many resources to be deployed in one operation. Resources from most Eucalyptus services are supported.</p>
 			</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>CloudFormation Requirements</title>
 		<p>To run CloudFormation on Eucalyptus, you need the following:</p>
 		<ul>
 		<li>A running Eucalyptus cloud, version 4.0 or later, with at least one Cloud Controller, Node Controller, and Cluster Controller up, running and registered</li>
 		<li>At least one active running service of each of the following: CloudWatch, AutoScaling, Load
 			Balancing, Compute, and IAM</li>
 		<li>A registered active CloudFormation service</li>
 		</ul>
 		
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>Support Resources</title>
 		<p>The following resources are supported by CloudFormation in Eucalyptus.</p>
 		<table>
 			<tgroup cols="2">
 				<thead>
 					<row>
 						<entry>Resource</entry>
 						<entry>Description</entry>
 					</row>
 				</thead>
 				<tbody>
 					<row><entry>AWS::AutoScaling::AutoScalingGroup</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except: HealthCheckType, Tags, and VpcZoneIdentifier. </entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::AutoScaling::LaunchConfiguration </entry><entry>All properties in the
 						Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except AssociatePublicIpAddress.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::AutoScaling::ScalingPolicy</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::CloudWatch::Alarm</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::EC2::EIP</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except Domain.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::EC2::EIPAssociation</entry> <entry>-- All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except: AllocationId, NetworkInterfaceId, and PrivateIpAddress.</entry></row> 	
 					<row><entry>AWS::EC2::Instance</entry> <entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except: NetworkInterfaces, SecurityGroupIds, SourceDestCheck, Tags, and Tenancy.  All other properties are forwarded to the Compute service internally but VPC is not implemented so VPC oriented properties are likely ignored there.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::EC2::SecurityGroup</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference
 						section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except: SecurityGroupEgress, Tags, and VpcId.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::EC2::SecurityGroupIngress</entry> <entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except SourceSecurityGroupId.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::EC2::Volume</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except: HealthCheckType and Tags.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::EC2::VolumeAttachment</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::ElasticLoadBalancing::LoadBalancer</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except: AccessLoggingPolicy, ConnectionDrainingPolicy, CrossZone, Policies.InstancePorts, and Policies.LoadBalanerPorts.  All other properties are passed through to the LoadBalancing service internally but some features are not implemented so properties 	may be ignored there.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::IAM::AccessKey</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported except Serial.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::IAM::Group</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::IAM::InstanceProfile</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::IAM::Policy</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::IAM::Role</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::IAM::User</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 					<row><entry>AWS::IAM::UserToGroupAddition</entry><entry>All properties in the Template Reference section of the AWS CloudFormation User Guide are supported.</entry></row>
 				</tbody>
 			</tgroup>
 			
 		</table>
 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>CloudFormation Registration</title>
 		<p>To register CloudFormation for your cloud, enter the following command:</p>
 		<codeblock>euca_conf  --register-service -T CloudFormation -H &lt;cloudformation_host_ip> -N &lt;service_name></codeblock>
 		
 		<p>For example:</p>
 		<codeblock>euca_conf  --register-service -T CloudFormation -H 10.111.1.134 -N cfn</codeblock>
 		
 		<p>Eucalyptus returns information similar to the folowing:</p>
 			<codeblock>Created new partition 'cfn'
 SERVICE    cloudformation   	 cfn  		 cfn http://10.111.1.134:8773/services/
 CloudFormation    arn:euca:bootstrap:cfn:cloudformation:cfn/</codeblock>
 			
 			<p>The CloudFormation service will be shown when you run
 		<codeph>euca-describe-services</codeph>.</p>
 		
 		<note type="tip">You might have to regenerate credentials using the <codeph>euca_conf 
 			--get-credentials</codeph> command because some command line tools such as Euca2ools use the <codeph>AWS_CLOUDFORMATION_URL</codeph> variable defined in the .eucarc file.</note>

 	</section>
 	
 	<section>
 		<title>WSDL URL</title>
 		<p>The service WSDL URL for CloudFormation is of the form:</p>
 			
 			<codeblock>http://&lt;host-ip>:8773/services/CloudFormation</codeblock>
 		
 				<p>The services path may not be necessary if DNS is enabled, it may look something like this:</p>
 				
 				<codeblock>http://cloudformation.g-19-10.autoqa.qa1.eucalyptus-systems.com:8773/</codeblock>
 				
 				<p>CloudFormation follows the same convention as the other <xref
 					href="../shared/glossary.dita#ufs">user-facing services</xref>.</p>
 	</section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
