<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_lpm_nmm_vf">
 <title>Register Walrus</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Once you have the Cloud Controllers registered, register the first Walrus with the primary
   Cloud Controller. It will automatically start in an ENABLED state.  Run the following command on
   the primary Cloud
   Controller.<codeblock>euca_conf --register-walrus --component &lt;Walrus1_unique_name> \
     --partition walrus --host &lt;Walrus1_public_IP_address> </codeblock></p>
  <p> Because the Walrus hosts are not part of a cluster, the <cmdname>--partition</cmdname> option
   should be given the special argument <cmdname>walrus</cmdname>. You can choose your own name for
   the <cmdname>--component</cmdname> option as long as both Walrus hosts are given unique names and
   they readily identify the Walrus hosts for you when you see them later on in Eucalyptus
   Administrator Console or <cmdname>euca-describe-services</cmdname> command-line output. For
   example, the component name walrus-hostC describes the service function and host location. </p>
  <p>Register the second Walrus with the primary Cloud Controller. It will automatically start in a
   DISABLED state.  Run the following command on the primary Cloud
   Controller.<codeblock>euca_conf --register-walrus --component &lt;Walrus2_unique_name> \
     --partition walrus --host &lt;Walrus2_public_IP_address> </codeblock></p>
  <p>Choose a unique component name for the second Walrus - for example, walrus-hostD. </p>
  <note>The partition name in both cases should be <i>walrus</i> as shown.</note>
 </conbody>
</concept>
