<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_z4f_ymm_vf">
 <title>Register Cluster Controllers</title>
 <shortdesc></shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p>Register the first Cluster Controller with the primary Cloud Controller. It will automatically
   start in an ENABLED state.  Run the following command on the primary Cloud
   Controller.<codeblock>euca_conf --register-cluster --component &lt;CC1_unique_name> \ 
     --partition &lt;cluster_name> --host &lt;CC1_public_IP_address> </codeblock></p>
  <p> You can choose your own name for the <cmdname>--component</cmdname> option as long as both
   Cluster Controllers are given unique names and they readily identify the Cluster Controllers for
   you when you see them later on in Eucalyptus Administrator Console or
    <cmdname>euca-describe-services</cmdname> command-line output. For example, the component name
   cc-hostE describes the service function and host location..  </p>
  <p>You name your cluster when you choose the argument for the <cmdname>--partition</cmdname>
   option.   You should choose a name that describes your cluster.  For example, the name could
   describe the cluster's location, purpose, or performance characteristics. </p>
  <p>Register the second Cluster Controller with the primary Cloud Controller. It will automatically
   start in a DISABLED state.  Run the following command on the primary Cloud
   Controller.<codeblock>euca_conf --register-cluster --component &lt;CC2_unique_name> \ 
     --partition &lt;cluster_name> --host &lt;CC2_public_IP_address> </codeblock></p>
  <p>Choose a unique component name for the second Cluster Controller - for example, cc-hostF. </p>
  <p>
   <note>The partition name should be the name assigned to the cluster on the primary Cluster
    Controller.</note>
  </p>
  <p>Repeat these steps for each cluster in the cloud. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
