<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--This work by Eucalyptus Systems is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. See the accompanying LICENSE file for more information.-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rn_issues_4.2.0">
	<title>Known Issues</title>
	<shortdesc>This topic lists known issues in HPE Helion Eucalyptus 4.2.2 and its
		dependencies.</shortdesc>
	<conbody>
		<p>Please contact Eucalyptus Support for known workarounds to these issues.</p>
		<p><b>New known issues for this release:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<colspec colnum="1" colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colnum="2" colname="c2" colwidth="2.44*"/>
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Security group rules using instances Public IP are not enforced in
							MANAGED mode (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11476"
								>EUCA-11476</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Security group rules are enforced in the FORWARD chain, which is
							processed before POSTROUTING (where SNAT happens). Thus, security group
							rules that use instances public IP addresses will not match in FORWARD
							chain (packets will have instances' private IP address in the FORWARD
							chain). See linked bug for more information.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Instance Migration Fails when SELinux is enabled and is in Permissive
							mode (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11803"
								>EUCA-11803</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Instance migration fails when SELinux is enabled and is in permissive mode.
							<p>Workaround: Disable SELinux and reboot the system. For
								example:</p><codeblock># vi /etc/selinux/config
SELINUX=disabled
# reboot</codeblock></entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
		<p><b>Outstanding known issues from previous releases:</b></p>
		<table>
			<tgroup cols="2">
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Issue</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>Cloud restart necessary when removing public IPs (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-9326"
								>EUCA-9326</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>While running TEST-1905 for edge mode, it was discovered that
							removing a public IP requires a cloud service restart while adding
							public/private IPs, removing private IPs and changing the subnet does
							not require a cloud service restart.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Internal loadbalancer is not functional (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11324"
								>EUCA-11324</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In VPC, an internal load balancer has ELB instances that is in a
							private subnet without a public IP. That instance cannot reach ELB
							service to retrieve information on the ELB, update its status, etc.,
							without configuring a NAT instance in the VPC. <p>Workaround: None at
								this time.</p></entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry>Non-default security group for ELB/VPC blocks ports for ELBs (<xref
								format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11374"
								>EUCA-11374</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>In VPC, all egress ports for non-default security groups are blocked.
							When the non-default security group is used with the ELB, the ELB will
							not be functional until the required ports are opened. <p>Workaround:
								Use Euca2ools to run the following commands to authorize each of the
								egress ports (TCP:8773 (Web service), UDP:53 (DNS), and UDP:123) for
								the non-default security group:
								<codeblock>euca-authorize --egress -P tcp -p 8773 -s 0.0.0.0/0 sg-f3a511c4
euca-authorize --egress -P udp -p 53 -s 0.0.0.0/0 sg-f3a511c4
euca-authorize --egress -P udp -p 123 -s 0.0.0.0/0 sg-f3a511c4</codeblock></p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>euserv-describe-services with secure http endpoint results in
							python2.6 InsecureRequestWarning. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11519"
								>EUCA-11519</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>When an administrator uses HTTPS and doesn't enable certificate
							verification, running any command thereafter, will display the
							InsecureRequestWarning message. <p>Workaround: Use a valid certificate
								and set <varname>verify-ssl</varname> = <userinput>true</userinput>
								in the region's configuration, or use plain HTTP.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>ELB access logs collection fails when logs prefix contains an
							uppercase letter (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11524"
								>EUCA-11524</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>Uppercase characters in a path is invalid, resulting in an eror.
								<p>Workaround: Specify the prefix with lowercase
							characters.</p></entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>Unable to launch EBS instance or delete volume when launched in
							different zone than created. (<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-10697"
								>EUCA-10697</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>See linked bug for more information.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>

					<row>
						<entry>Failed EMIs from CreateImage might leave behind orphaned snapshots
								(<xref format="html"
								href="https://eucalyptus.atlassian.net/browse/EUCA-11184"
								>EUCA-11184</xref>)</entry>
						<entry>
							<ol>
								<li>Use <codeph>euca-describe-images</codeph> to see if the EMI
									associated with CreateImage has a <codeph>failed</codeph>
										status.<p>If any failed, then:</p></li>
								<li>Use <codeph>euca-describe-snapshots</codeph> to find any
									snapshot IDs associated with the failed CreateImage EMI
										ID.<p>The snapshot description includes the EMI ID and
										Instance ID. Note that the snapshot state can be
											<codeph>failed</codeph> or
										<codeph>completed</codeph>.</p></li>
							</ol>
							<p>Workaround: The cloud administrator and/or cloud user (with proper
								IAM access to the account's snapshots) can simply delete any
								orphaned snapshots.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
	</conbody>
</concept>
